Q. It's been about eight years since UC Davis has been to the NCAA Tournament. You were an associate coach. You've made steps towards this point since then with the WNIT and the regular season championships. What does it mean now to be here at this point and what are some of the most important things in your mind that enabled your team to be here right now?
JENNIFER GROSS: Yeah, you know, it's hard to get here. It really is. You know, I thought back a lot to that 2011 team and what they were able to accomplish, and then that very next year was the first year that I took over the program as the head coach.

Every team that we've had since then has really helped to move our program in a positive direction, and you know, I look at the last couple years' groups of student-athletes in our program who really did an amazing job through our conference and got us that conference championship two years in a row but didn't get to experience this moment, and for this group to be here and to do it the way that we did where we had to come from 17 down in the championship game, to secure that win, it's special. It really is.

I know how hard it is to be in this moment, and so really what we've been telling our team all year is just enjoy it. Enjoy the process. Enjoy everything about this experience. And this right now is the icing on the cake. You know, this group has played for each other all year long. They're an incredibly special group of people.

I've said it a number of times, but they're probably the most improved team that we've had, and that's because they committed every single day to getting better, and they did that for each other. We really haven't had to have any talks this year about players coming in my office saying, well, what can I -- I want to play more, or I want this role or I want that role. Everybody just bought in to whatever they could do to help this team succeed, and that's unique. That's really unique.

They play for each other. They fight for each other. They enjoy each other. They have fun together. And that's what it's about. You know, and I'm just -- it's been one of the most rewarding, most fun experiences for our coaching staff because of the people that we get to be around every single day. I admire this group of student-athletes so much. It's been a fun ride, and we're just going to enjoy every moment that we have to compete together.

Q. Were you able to go to a Giants game the night Tara treated you in San Francisco? Did you make it to a game?
JENNIFER GROSS: We did. Yeah, we did.

Q. And also, looking back at that November game, I know that's a long time ago, your shooting wasn't what it usually is. What's sort of the key tomorrow to get Stanford off its game and knock down some shots to keep them honest?
JENNIFER GROSS: Yeah, well, looking back at November, I mean, we definitely were a different team then, and I know they were, as well. We had -- we took some lumps early just kind of trying to build our chemistry and figure out what was going to work for us. You know, when I watch that film, I feel like, gosh, we were just so inexperienced, and we hadn't developed a confidence in ourselves as individuals but also in our team. And I think that's the biggest thing right now is kind of riding this win streak is we believe in ourselves. We believe in ourselves, and we respect the heck out of Stanford, believe me. We know that they're really big and athletic inside. We know that they score it from every single position. You know, their offense has gotten better and better throughout the year, really impressive where they've taken this offense. And their defense is tremendous, too.

You know, for us it's just going to be -- we have to play to our strengths. You know, and our strengths really are -- we've got to get the ball moving. We've got to get inside touches. We've got to get outside touches. We've got to get the ball -- we've got to attack and kick and share the ball because that's kind of -- that's who we are. We're a selfless group that makes the extra pass, and we feel good when we do that. And so obviously we're going to have to knock down some shots. We're going to have to get some production inside, as well, and we're just going to have to have kids step up.

The nice thing about -- for me is that that's what our players have been doing all year. It's different people every game. One night it's Karley Eaton, she's going 5 for 5 from three, another night it's Kourtney Eaton, another night it's Nina Bessolo, and through that Morgan has been our consistent presence inside and out, as well. So it's going to take a complete team effort tomorrow. Everybody is going to have to be the best version of themselves, and I'm excited to see my team in that moment. I think we're excited and we're ready, and we're just going to go out there and give it everything that we've got.

Q. You talked about the 16-game win streak. Over that streak, not many of them were close until that last game. You trailed by 17 and came back to win it, and that secured your spot here. What did that mean for the team, and did you talk to them at all about that deficit and overcoming them and maybe peaking right now as you're entering the tournament?
JENNIFER GROSS: Yeah. I mean, that was incredible. It was incredible. I've gotten a lot of questions from parents and media about what did you say at halftime during that game. And it's funny because it was -- while the coaching staff was outside the locker room trying to figure out some adjustments, we heard Karley Eaton and our other seniors inside the locker room talking to the team about, we can do this, we've got to stay together, everybody has to be all in, a hundred percent, we've got this. You know, and it was just the perfect message with the perfect tone, and right then we kind of looked at each other and we said, okay, we can do this. It's just going to take a few stops in a row, a few scores in a row, which is what we talk about with our team a lot is we've got to get stop-score-stops. If we can string together a number of those, we're going to put ourselves back in this game. So it wasn't so much about making huge adjustments, it was just about being more focused, more deliberate, more intentional with everything that we were doing, and really believing in each other.

And I think to have that kind of a moment after we really hadn't been challenged too much for the past couple months, you know, that was maybe one concern we had going into the tournament was like in a close game are we going to be ready for that. But the belief that this team has in each other, the belief this coaching staff has in our players, it showed through, and I think it was a real display of togetherness and pride, and it was an incredible effort, and I think that gave us a lot of confidence that, you know what, we can be in different situations and still come out on top as long as we believe in each other.

Q. What's the week been like starting with the weird selection show on Monday? And then your players having to take finals throughout this week? And just being able to enjoy this moment while also preparing for a game on Saturday but still being able to enjoy the spot that you're in.
JENNIFER GROSS: Yeah. It's been a bit of a whirlwind. Our players got off the bus, had an awesome group of fans waiting to celebrate with us in Davis. Davis is such an incredible community, and everybody has really been behind this team, which has been so fun. But a lot of the players got off the bus on Sunday and immediately went home and started studying. You know, I wish that they had a little more time to just enjoy it and celebrate it, but that's the life of a student-athlete, and they want to be successful in every single thing that they do.

We took Monday off, and the players were studying and taking finals, and obviously we were planning on watching the show, and then once we found out who we were playing, obviously we got to work and we practiced in between finals -- they had to rearrange their schedules and take some finals early and take some finals on the road. Once we got down here, it was kind of, okay, first group of players has finals, second group has finals the next morning.

It's been a balancing act to say the least, more for our players. For our staff we've just been trying to keep them feeling good and feeling light, and that's always a struggle sometimes during finals week because it's so emotionally and mentally demanding.

So on our end, for the basketball side of things, we were really just trying to keep the practices short and very focused on one or two things and make sure that we're feeling good. You know, the reason that -- I actually spoke with Tara leading up to the Big West tournament. After they had won it, she and I chatted, I just kind of picked her brain a little bit about how they would prepare for the tournament and things that they do with their team.

And you know, the message that she kind of said was just, feel good, feel confident. That's the most important thing. And so I think heading into this week, that's why we've been so successful is because our team -- we've been in a place where we really are confident and loose and having fun and enjoying every single moment, whether that's a single game on the road or at home or a game in the Big West tournament or here now a game in the NCAA Tournament.

We're determined to enjoy every minute of this, and just to step on the floor feeling as great as we can. A balancing act, but I think that the players are doing a great job of staying very focused on their finals but also being in the moment and getting themselves prepared for the court, as well.

Q. I asked your coach this about the last time UC Davis was in the tournament eight years ago and the things that were important leading up to this moment. Especially for you guys, I'm asking the same question. What are those key things, not necessarily on the court things but kind of team culture things that helped you get to this point?
MORGAN BERTSCH: I think that this entire year has been focused on really just enjoying the process of getting here. You know, every day has been a focus of getting better, really improving on both ends of the floor, and being able to execute that when we come out on to the floor.

I think that just this entire year has been about the process, and now that we're coming into this tournament, into this game, it's really just getting to enjoy this moment that we've been working so hard for for the past year, and just to really come out here and play as hard as we can to showcase the amount of effort that we've put in throughout the entire year.

We're just here really ready to enjoy this experience, enjoy the time that we have left with each other because I know that I've had a ton of fun the past five years here, and so I've been waiting to get to this NCAA Tournament. So it's really just the icing on top of the cake at this point.

Q. Karley or Kourtney or both, you guys had a really nice moment after you guys won the Big West championship. There was a big shot on the Jumbotron of you guys hugging each other and having tears in your eyes. Can you explain what that moment was like and if you guys have been able to kind of reflect back? I know you've got a game coming up tomorrow, but throughout the course of the week have you just talked at all about kind of what this journey has been like since you guys were little kids playing together and to kind of culminate with this moment in your senior season?
KOURTNEY EATON: I feel like we're always like constantly talking about just how amazing the season has been and constantly reflecting on all the amazing opportunities we've gotten through basketball and the last four years at Davis especially, and that moment of just hugging, I hugged all my teammates with tears in my eyes, and it was just a dream come true, so that's kind of what it was like for me. We've worked so hard for that moment, so just been enjoying it since then.

KARLEY EATON: Yeah, definitely. I think the tears come from like -- you realize all your hard work is worth it at that point. That's something I've dreamed about forever. I've been watching March Madness forever, and it's just amazing to be here, and we're enjoying every moment. It was just kind of -- like that hug was just like, it was all worth it. It was really cool.

Q. Morgan, you said that you've waited five years for this moment. Now it's here. You have a long list of accolades. Could you just talk a little bit about that process personally for you and what it means to be here?
MORGAN BERTSCH: Yeah, I mean, like I said, we've come up a little short the past couple years, and that was definitely really heartbreaking to have to experience that. Obviously we ended up going really far in the WNIT and that was also a really amazing experience, but to finally get that win in the championship was something that I have been dreaming about for these past four years of just that final moment, having that buzzer go off and what that would feel like. You can never really dream it up. It was better than I had ever imagined.

It was one of the things that was still left on my checklist. Having accomplished all of these things, both as a team and personally, that was honestly the one that was still at the top of the list. And to be able to finally check that off was just -- it felt really amazing. It's something that you can't really -- I can't really put into words, but it really was the last thing that I had left at that list. I'm really just enjoying this process and really just looking forward to the game tomorrow to finally get to play in an NCAA game alongside some of my favorite people who I just love so much. It's going to be so much fun to just finally get to experience that. Hopefully our ride keeps going a little longer.

Q. You guys have won 16 straight games, and we asked Coach Gross about this, as well. You trailed by 17 in that final game and in previous games maybe weren't as close. What did you take from that comeback, and she had mentioned that it wasn't anything she said at halftime, it was more what you guys said and did. Through that moment, what was that conversation, and how do you think it's prepared you for this first round?
KARLEY EATON: I think that shows how much belief we have in each other for sure. We sat there in that locker room and no one was hanging their heads. It was pretty amazing, like we had a lot of adjustments to make for sure, but no one thought we were going to lose that game, and it was really cool to see. It was a testament to our team, the culture we've built this whole year is the reason we're winning so much. I think in whatever sport you look at, you see the top teams have the greatest chemistry, and I think that is something our team -- is a strength of our team for sure.

Q. Kourtney, you were able to pass Coach Gross in assists this year. Was that kind of a moment that you guys shared anything, or was it just on to the next one?
KOURTNEY EATON: I mean, we actually ended up losing that game where I did pass her, but when she found out, we had a nice hug, and all of my coaches really congratulated me, and it was a cool moment. It's fun to just talk to her about it still and like bring it up every once in a while. But yeah, we had a good moment.

Q. You're going to be facing another team with twins. Does that throw you off when you face teams with twins, as well? Or is it just fun?
KOURTNEY EATON: I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's cool to see when other sisters like twins go to school together and play because I can't imagine not being here with car, so it's really fun to see that other twins did the same thing we did and wanted to play together at this level. So it's fun, it's always something we look forward to, and yeah, hopefully they're having as good of a time as we are.

Q. (No microphone.)
KOURTNEY EATON: I mean, we never did -- we never played against the McGee twins together, but they're from Washington, as well, so in high school we really wished we would have played. But no, I don't really --

KARLEY EATON: No either. Not really.

Q. (No microphone.)
KOURTNEY EATON: Oh, there you go.

KARLEY EATON: They didn't play in college, yeah, that's true. I don't even know who that is, honestly.

Q. Morgan, obviously in the Big West, we have Channon Fluker, who's a really good post player. Now you're going up against Alanna Smith on Saturday. How much do you enjoy going up against some of the other incredible post players in the country, and how much does that kind of add to the match-up for you that you have a chance to kind of go up against the best of the best in women's college basketball?
MORGAN BERTSCH: I mean, I think it's a great opportunity just to get to compete against some really -- some of the top -- like you said, some of the top post players in the nation. It's kind of a challenge for me. I get to see it as a way of how good I am at trying to defend some of the top people. I definitely take it as a challenge, and it's going to be a lot of fun tomorrow to get to see that match-up a little bit.

But yeah, I'm just -- it's always fun to play in those competitive atmospheres because people take notice, and yeah, I don't know, I think it's going to be a lot of fun just to get to see that match-up a little bit.

Q. Kourtney and Karley, talk about kind of the culture of the program has really improved -- not necessarily, it wasn't bad at one point, but you guys have taken it to a new level since you've been here and it started with last year's senior class. Can you elaborate more about how you have kind of taken on the responsibility this season as the seniors to continue that culture and passing it down to some of the underclassmen that you guys are teammates with and just how that's kind of shaped the way you guys have played at UC Davis and how that's helped you get to this accomplishment?
KARLEY EATON: I think it starts with work ethic for sure, just being the leader and coming to practice every day, just ready to go. And I think like younger girls follow up with that, and I think that's something that last year's seniors did really well. So I think we all learned from that. But also it's making like everyone feel like they have a role for sure. So I think everyone enjoys it more when they feel important and stuff, and I think that's a big thing that everyone on this team like knows their role, and we all just have fun together. So it's been really cool to make so many great -- we all three of us lived together this year, and I think we've gotten so much closer, which is really cool, but I've also gotten closer with everyone on the team, so I think that's a really big part of it is just making sure everyone feels like they're important and they have a role.

KOURTNEY EATON: Yeah, I think we work on like team building from summer until now, we have team building, and just chemistry is something that's always so important to us, and I really think it's such a big factor with successful teams. We spend so much time together, so it really helps when you really like each other, too.

Q. What do you like about your team going into this tournament?
TARA VANDERVEER: I like the fact that our team is very excited coming off of a big win in the PAC 12 tournament, we're playing with a lot of momentum, we're playing our best basketball at the end of the season. People are healthy for the most part and just we feel like we're, we haven't reached our peak, we're continuing to improve and everyone's playing really hard for each other.

Q. Back in November when you opened the season against Davis and you sort of reflected on Jennifer and her assistant coming down last may it was the third visit they made to campus to help you with the Princeton offense, am I right?
TARA VANDERVEER: Yes.

Q. Okay. And you said it was like playing your sister and now you meet on the NCAA stage and both teams are probably much better now. What is it like it play them again and everything that Jennifer's meant to you?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, Jen and her staff have been extremely helpful, they're wonderful people, they're great coaches, and if we probably had our druthers we wish we were in different brackets so we could cheer for each other, but we're not and whether it's playing Jen Gross or we play Jennifer Azie or like I said we played my sister Heidi, once the game, you do the preparation and the ball goes up, you want your team to play well. I agree, I feel like we are much much better and that's a little bit of a challenge. Who has improved the most. We have a lot of young players, Maya coming back, the twins being really young freshmen. Jenna played so much and so well in that game. We just, we want to show that we have improved a lot and so that's the challenge.

Q. Speaking of improvement, looking at Davis, what are the things that you see that they have improved on that you have to be looking out for?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, I really don't focus on the other team as much as I focus on our team. I think that they have three seniors in their starting lineup, so we're a much younger team and I think in some ways when you have a younger team they started out probably more not running new offenses, kind of doing the same thing and I focused on our improvement and so I just hope that we have improved more.

Q. You also said you had sent Jen out for a night in San Francisco. Did you get her a dinner certificate somewhere nice or are you willing to share?
TARA VANDERVEER: I got a hotel and, yeah, both Jen and Joe had come down and helped us so much that and I think it was actually during baseball season so they could go to a Giants game. What was the hotel that we used to stay in up there, you remember for the PAC 12? 55? Parc 55, right. You know I really do appreciate her help and just the willingness -- it kind of reminded me a little bit of old school basketball where I remember Fred Taylor at Iowa State, coaches worked together to get great teams and I really, she's a real special coach. But having said that, we have our work cut out for us because they do know a lot of -- we're running a lot of the same stuff but that's what you do every day in practice, you play against your team that knows stuff. So we have got to have some wrinkles and we're going to have to play very well.

Q. The Hull twins are kind of a graph almost, I mean Lexi started and got hurt and Lacie came in and started and they have kind of been they have all contributed both contributed in different ways. Are they even in ability or is somebody bring something else the other one doesn't?
TARA VANDERVEER: They're different. I can't always tell them apart when I'm looking at two of them not with their uniforms on but their games are different. I think Lacie has, she's not maybe Lexi might be more of the I'm going to take charge with the ball and Lacie plays really well without the ball, moving the ball, they're both excellent three-point shooters, they both work really hard on defense, Lexi might rebound a little stronger, Lacie might have more assist, but they both, they both play really well. But their games are different. You just have to watch them more I guess to be able to tell them apart.

Q. You have a long history of hosting except for that year with the gymnastics championship. What do you like about having different teams coming here and maybe hosting them and showing them around and just seeing the fluctuation of teams in the tournament.
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, the way that women's basketball tournament is now, hosting is a reward for being in the top 16 and you don't have to travel and for our fans I think it's great because maybe a lot of our fans can't go to the next spot. If it were to be Chicago, so our fans get to see great women's basketball. Having Auburn and BYU in this bracket we have a great bracket and our fans are very sophisticated basketball fans, they have watched a lot of great basketball and I know that they will come out and support watching the tournament here.

Q. Speaking of Auburn, it's kind of like a full circle with the siblings, DeWanna Bonner and Erica McCall and having that history here, have you thought about that and kind of like the history of the game and that respect?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, obviously, we played Auburn to win a National Championship, I haven't forgotten that. But also my connection with Auburn is through Ruthie Bolton and Ruthie will be at the game tomorrow and she's an Auburn grad and took their team to the championship three times. So I think it's, there's going to be a lot of kind of history in the building, which is great.

Q. You talked about having a young team. 32 consecutive NCAA appearances, what do you say to those freshmen who certainly came in thinking this is a possibility and almost something that they expect but what is the message as you enter the tournament?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well the tournament, I think the PAC 12 tournament is great preparation for the NCAA tournament in that you lose, you go home. And I've talked to our team about the fact and a specifically to our freshmen, this is, it doesn't matter what your seed is, it doesn't matter where you're playing, you have to play well, period. At this point no one says, hey, you're a freshman, you get five extra points starting out. You have to be able to get the job done whether you're a freshman or a senior. And our freshmen have done very well, but we're thankful that we have the leadership of our upperclassmen and we're, I feel that our team is, they're, they really support each other, they're a very close team and this team wants to keep playing. That's what the freshmen have to feel as much as anything else, we want to keep playing.

Q. What did Davis run against you last game and what do you expect them to do defensively?
TARA VANDERVEER: They mix up their defenses. They played mostly player defense but they will play some zone. They will do some pressing a little bit. I think it's more -- their offense, they're great three-point shooters, they have got a tremendous player in Morgan Bertsch, going inside and they are an extremely well coached team. So they do everything. They rebound, they play defense, they score. Again, we just need to come out and play our game and I know they're focused on what they do and we focus on what we do also.

Q. Shannon's talents doing the anthem and everything else, you have a lot of players who have many talents, but how fun and special is that to have her?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, if Shannon will sign during the National Anthem, she's taken sign language at Stanford and she asked me if she could do that and I said, yes. At first I thought she wanted to sing it and I said no. But signing is okay. Shannon has had a fabulous senior year and we're not in the position that we're in without her great contributions and I think some of the reason of taking Shannon and Alanna, this is their last NCAA tournament and for Anna Wilson even though she's a Junior, this is her first NCAA tournament. So Shannon brings a lot to our team, she's a captain, a leader, it's really excite to go see her have such a great senior year and like you said, have some special talent too.

Q. When did she come to you?
TARA VANDERVEER: It was in the middle of the year. I can't remember exactly what game, but maybe around January when she was taking -- she's -- this is not her first sign language class, she's good so she knows what she's doing and she just I think that that was something she wanted to do and I said that's great.

THE MODERATOR: All right. Thank you.


Q. How much was this group motivated, I mean it's the third year and third NCAA tournament berth in four years, I believe and after missing last season was that something that stung and that stuck with these women to motivate them into getting back to this stage?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: It didn't really sting but we knew what we had missed last year, especially after having gone two years back-to-back. So it was something that we knew we wanted to do. But it wasn't something that we talked about. We continued talking about being a team of excellence, doing everything that we needed to do without saying the NCAA tournament but we know that that was our ultimate goal to get back to the NCAA tournament.

Q. Does BYU compare to any of the other high level teams, tournament caliber teams you played this year?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: They do, right in our own SEC conference. They're very much like a Missouri team that we play every year with the three-point shooters, not so much the big in the middle, but with the perimeter three-point shooters that can shoot the ball extremely well, they remind us of a Missouri.

Q. Could you talk about Janiah McKay and what she has meant to the program being a starter at your point guard for now in her fourth season?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: Yeah, Janiah's awesome, when you think about her four years, she is one of the players that has gone to the NCAA tournament three times out of the four years, so that right there speaks to Janiah and her ability to run this basketball team. She's been the starting point guard since her freshman year she broke into that starting position, she's just been great. She works hard every single day, she's like my sidekick, the point guard has to be connected with the coach, we constantly talk a lot. She understands what I want, so I feel very comfortable when Janiah's on the floor, she knows exactly what we want to do. I'm very happy for Janiah because last year was very hard for her not getting back to the NCAA tournament, it's her ultimate goal, and so we always have had the conversation it's either the point guard's fault or the head coach's fault and sometimes it's both of our fault. So us not getting to the tournament last year was both of our fault and she wanted to make sure that her senior year she got back to the NCAA tournament.

Q. You got as far as Albuquerque earlier in the year but it's not too often that Auburn gets this far West. How do you and the team feel about the experience of getting out to Stanford and this environment?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: It's so hard when you think about the NCAA tournament because the excitement is not just the NCAA tournament it's like okay, so where are we going and as soon as they heard California you would have thought that it was the greatest place on earth like three said we were going to Disney or something. It's very exciting. We probably -- I don't know if we have had anyone on our team that has been out to California. So that was exciting for them as well. They're really excited to be here, it was a long flight, but I mean it was well worth it.

Q. How well do you know Tara Vanderbilt and just the legacy that she has created here and all she's done for women's basketball.
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: Unfortunately I don't know her personally, but you can't play this game and be involved in this game and not know everything that she has done. She's been an unbelievable person for the women's basketball game and all that she's done here at Stanford, she's just, you look at her and you're just like, wow, she's one of the legacies in women's basketball that you continue to watch and just not just at Stanford though, from the USA Basketball and at so many levels, it's really an honor to just even be here on her campus.

Q. You lost Emari Jones in the game right before the conference began. Just talk about how this team recovered, won nine games in the SEC, set a record for most wins on the road at Auburn in the SEC.
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: I think if you ask Erin who took her place, she's still recovering. It's been that hard shoes to feel. She was our senior we felt very bad for her because she had played so many games she had lost her eligibility but she wasn't just a leader on the court, she was the one that was controlling the locker room, taking care of the younger players, and Emari started over the summer she was here when the freshmen got here. We got them here early, she was one here, so she started her leadership right away. She wanted to have an unbelievable senior year so she was there before practice, she was there after practice. It was a huge loss for us and that first game going into the SEC play against Tennessee, that was a tough game. We recovered from it, we're, there are still holes that are missing because Emari's not on the team but we have continued to get better each game without Emari.

Q. Did you say none of your players had been to California before?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: I don't think so. I didn't ask them. Just the way they were celebrating you would have thought they had never gone out West before. I don't think so. A few of them had talked about this being the first time, but I don't think they have been.

Q. You discussed BYU comparing them to Missouri, what defensive challenge does that present to your group in terms of defending the perimeter and also protecting the paint when they have some inside players too.
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: Right, when you're going against a team like BYU that can shoot from the outside and that can score on the inside it's almost really no defense that's perfect planning for it. Whether you play man, whether you play zone, whatever it is, it's so many ways that you could get hurt just with the caliber of shooters that they have and then six, seven on the inside, so you just, at this point right now you can't control your matchups, so we are just going to go and play Auburn women's basketball.

Q. What is your definition of Auburn Women's basketball?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: Our definition of Auburn women's basketball is that we apply pressure. We're a pressure team, we probably one of very few teams in the country that press for 40 minutes. We press off of a free throw, we press off of a made basket, we press from a timeout, like when we, when they do the synergy numbers I think it came out that of the 40 minutes we probably press about 35 of them when you take out the timeouts and everything else. That's what we do and we like to cause disruption, make things a little harder, make teams a little bit more uncomfortable, that's Auburn women's basketball right there.

Q. Your theme this year was team of excellence. Can you talk about your thought process in selecting that theme this year?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: Yes, absolutely. Well it actually came about, this was probably about the second year that we started building a team of excellence. One summer I was on the road and I was listening to Joel Osteen and one of his podcasts was a spirit of excellence. And so as I'm listening to it I'm thinking, wow, he just talked about living a life of excellence. Just try to be excellent every single day. Try to do everything right even when no one's watching. Keep your house clean, keep your car clean. If you see trash on the floor, pick the trash up. It's your house. Get to work on time and when you get to work on time don't stroll to the computer and start Googling everything, it's just, he just was talking about that and as I was listening to it I was like, wow, like if we could just change just to our team how can I get our team to be a team of excellence. So I sent the podcast to our team and we talked about coming to practice early, getting to class early, doing all the things that you know you're supposed to do without your coach even telling you to do it. Be a good teammate. If you're going out to get something to eat ask your teammate if they want something to eat. Just so many things and I actually thought if I could get them at this young age, 18, 19, 20, to start living a life of excellence, by the time they get to be our age they're already excellent. So that's kind of where it just came about, just as a coach not just being a basketball coach, but being a coach that's building them to be better people in the world as well.

Q. Getting back to a comparison of sorts. Sara Hamson anything, anyone similar to what she gives BYU in the middle?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: No.

(Laughter.)

No. Not at all. Her height, her length, not in the SEC, not anyone that we have played against. Maybe close maybe Teaira McCowan at Missouri State, but she's different. Like Teaira is like, she's a beast like she's huge. So, no, probably not really.

Q. You always talk about your defensive presence. What are some of the offensive keys to beat BYU?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNOY: One is to get some offense from our defense. We like to take our turnovers and push those into points. That's one of the big things. Our kids understand and that's why we don't have a whole lot of rules when we do get steals or live ball turnovers that they're kind of given the freedom to go and score. We're not just out there to just randomly run helter skelter, we actually have lanes and positions and places that we have to go. But this year has been probably one of our better years than in the past, we have actually been able to put five players on the floor that can score. In years past and if you look at our numbers how our offense numbers have increased this year, that has been one of the biggest reasons. You got three guards around the perimeter that can score. Maybe not at the caliber of just being three-point shooters, but we can shoot the 3, we can drive, we can attack. Crystal can go in and post up at the three position. Emari was a three-point shooter as a stretch four, Erin comes in and is a stretch four. Unique can score on the inside. You got some guards coming off the bench that can score. So it's really been a change of our players that we have been able to put into our offense that have been able to score. So scoring in transition was always what we wanted to do, but now adding scoring in the half court has been really big for us this year.

THE MODERATOR: All right. Thank you.

Q. Janiah, why was the press not effective early and then became effective late, do you think?
JANIAH McKAY: I think it starts with our aggressiveness, I don't think we were as aggressive in the first half as we were in the second half. We turned up the pressure in the fourth quarter, but, you know, playing the whole game like that would have been ideal for our style of play.

Q. Unique, or both of you, what was the scouting report about them defensively? I could see they were trying to get hands on balls and stuff like that, but coming in what did you expect and what did you see out on the court?
JANIAH McKAY: We expected them to play zone. We could have had more of ball movement, getting the ball inside/out. We had to move the ball. Our shots really weren't falling today. That would have helped.

But you have to play through that. Your shots are not always going to fall. So that's when we turned to our defense and upped the pressure in the fourth quarter which gave us a boost, but we wanted to keep that momentum from the first half to the second half.

Q. Unique, what was it like out there in the post playing against a 6'7" player, rare sight in college basketball and did that cause you some issues there in the third quarter as you were trying to go inside?
UNIQUE THOMPSON: I mean, I just seen it as another post player, honestly. I knew she had the height advantage over me, so I tried to get her on the move and even though she was on the move they still weren't calling the fouls that I thought were fouls. So I realized I had to use more contact and just play through it. We knew she was down there and that she was going to be effective in that she was a shot blocker, she is 6'7". Who wouldn't block shots? Who is that tall? We knew we had to get our guards going and it wasn't just about me. I wanted to crash the boards and get rebounds so my guards' shots weren't falling. So it was kinda hard to do both.

Q. Janiah, what do you think sparked the comeback there in the fourth quarter?
JANIAH McKAY: I would say, you know, our sense of urgency, one and done, don't wanting to home. We've been taught to never give up, always keep fighting and with our motto being a team of excellence no matter if your back is against the wall you have to continue to push through.

Q. Janiah, when you look back on this season and on your career, what memories are you going to have especially having gone to the NCAA Tournament three out of four seasons at Auburn?
JANIAH McKAY: Definitely have a lot of memories. Each team has been different. I have a lot of sisters that I made friends for life. It's bittersweet. You hate that this is your last game, but wanted to leave a legacy of always working hard, having character, you know, being a strong, black woman. Really excited about the future of this program and now it's next step. The real world is next. I'm very excited for that.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. Questions for Coach?

Q. Coach, with the pressure of the first half you seemed to handle it pretty well and then in the fourth quarter what did you do to turn that up on them?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNEY: I'm not really sure that our pressure in the first half was as strong as it needed to have been. I thought we were a little passive there. Not saying that BYU wouldn't have handled it at that point but if you look at the two quarters it definitely wasn't as aggressive as it was in the fourth quarter.

Q. Kind of the same question I asked the players. What were they doing defensively and was that what you saw on the scouting report coming in?
TERRI WILLIAMS-FLOURNEY: We knew they wouldn't, even though they were a man-to-man team we knew they wouldn't play us man-to-man, they would probably start out like they did, but they wouldn't do it very long and then they played zone the majority of the game. With the zone you gotta knock down shots, attack the zone. I thought we stood around a little too much and the offensive became very stagnant.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach.

Q. Kiana, do you feel you're raising your game now at this point in the year at the big dance? What's your attitude going into this game?
KIANA WILLIAMS: I'd agree that it's another level of play because you lose, you're going home. I was talking with someone earlier, and I feel like I play my best during tournament time when stakes are on the line and stuff. Yeah, credit to my teammates. We're all playing at a high level. I still feel like we haven't peaked yet. There's still things would have done better feel game we have to lays our level of plays.

Q. Alanna you were running a lot of different people at Morgan Bertsch. What was the strategy against her in this game?
ALANNA SMITH: Obviously she's a very talented player, and it was just to try and keep her in front, and she's versatile. She uses a lot of fakes, and we just wanted to stay on our feet and not let her get anything easy. And I think Maya, Shannon, Alyssa, everybody who played her, even DiJonai was on her at one point, I think they gave it their all. Props to her, she's a very, very good player, but we threw what we had at her, and I think we did a pretty good job.

Q. Kiana, you guys started off really well, 15-0 start, and then also up by 20 after one. You had a really good first half, and then of course Alanna 12 points in the third quarter. Did you guys kind of converse about who's going to take over?
KIANA WILLIAMS: I think just our motto is just ride the hot hand, whether it's me, Di, Lacie had the hot hand a few games. So just whoever is making shots, playing well, we just try to ride them, and that just goes back to our depth. We count on our depth a lot, so with me, Di and Alanna, the big three, when we're not playing well, we can count on our other people.

ALANNA SMITH: And we did not discuss it, no.

Q. Alanna, you've spoken about just keeping this special run going as long as possible and playing at Maples. How are you feeling right now about just moving on but getting one more home game, and how much did you want to come out in that third quarter? You scored the first nine, to really push the team forward in the third.
ALANNA SMITH: Yeah, I think in games where you might be ahead by a lot, you kind of -- you might get complacent, and that's not what we want to do. We want to play to our best ability the whole game, and I think that was the message at halftime. We had a great first half; let's have an even better second half.

And that's what we want to have our motto be for this whole tournament. We had a great first game; let's have a better second game; let's come out even harder the next game. And yeah, like you said, keep this thing going, and as a senior, you know, there's just that little bit more sense of urgency. Yeah, I think Shannon and I and Marta, as well, have that feeling, and it's pretty special to be able to sit up here and know that we're going to play again on Monday.

Q. Alanna, are you ready to take on that 6'7" girl from BYU or are you going to leave that that to Maya and Shannon?
ALANNA SMITH: I think it's going to be another team effort, yeah, for sure. Like Ki said, we're deep. We rely on our depth, and I think Maya is going to give it her 100 percent, and then Shannon is going to give it her 100 percent, and if I'm playing her I'll give it 100 percent. But yeah, we know we can't just rely on one person.

But yeah, I don't know, I think Maya is -- will have a good shot on her. She's athletic. She's long. You know, we'll see how it goes. We'll watch film. But yeah, I think we're going to be ready for it.

Q. Alanna, as a player, who's it like kind of running an offense that has Princeton kind of tendencies?
ALANNA SMITH: Yeah, I really like our offense. We implemented it a couple years ago. Was it last year? Last year. And at the start it was rough, and we actually watched UC Davis because they run the same offense. So we watched their film and watched their games to see how well they run it because they're a very, very well-run offensive team.

So you know, I really, really enjoy it now. We've come a long, long way. Even from the start of season to now, we've come a really long way, and I think it's great because it's not just posts are just back to basket. You spread people out. You've got some posts on the perimeter. You've got your guards inside, you've got your posts inside and outside, and I think it really plays to the strengths of our team. We have versatile players. DiJonai is hard to guard on the perimeter, but then when you get her in the post, as well, it's like what are you going to do, she's a big strong body. And I think it's great that we've used this offense because it does play to our strengths.

Q. Coach, knowing that you're a humble woman, you've influenced so many Stanford athletes, but you had a young lady for the other team, Morgan, that admired your program as a kid and got emotional just thinking about the fact that she ended her career here in your presence. How do you feel about how much you've affected a lot of other players?
TARA VANDERVEER: Morgan is a terrific talent, and it's really exciting to see how much she's improved. We have a really close relationship with UC Davis, and honestly, I wish they had played in other bracket so I could be cheering for them. But I think that if the young women like Alanna and Ki and Di are good role models for the community, then I think that's great. We want them to be that, so it's great that Morgan felt that growing up with -- I don't know what players it would have been at her age, but I'm glad that she felt that way. We're thankful for that.

Q. How do you feel about an 8:00 start for Monday?
TARA VANDERVEER: Love it. We're excited. We're glad to be playing in the game. So I'm -- we know we'll have to play well. Our kids are done with finals. They stay up late. It's going to be the coaches that are going to have to prod a little bit. Players will be fine.

Q. Well, nobody asked us in the media.
TARA VANDERVEER: I know.

Q. How does it feel to be able to rest your players? Is that a big deal in a game like this, or does that not even matter at this point?
TARA VANDERVEER: You know, I think it is a very big deal. Not only -- I think that looking at Alanna playing 20 minutes, being able to really -- it's not being able to rest them, it's getting experience for other people and getting them confident coming in. I thought our bench was fabulous. Alyssa Jerome came in, did some good things, Anna Wilson, her defense, I think very aggressive. Did we miss some shots? Yes, we did miss some shots. But Lexie, Shannon Coffee, again, with the mask did it. She got it going. But we're able to go 10 deep. Jenna had some contributions for us, and not only are they resting but they're not being exposed to being hurt, either. So I think it was a great team effort.

Q. DiJonai seems to have a moment like this in a lot of different games. In this game she stole the ball from Morgan and went behind her back to avoid one defender and then came basically the length of the court and dropped a pass to Maya for a lay-up.
TARA VANDERVEER: That was nice. She kind of got up in the air. I wasn't sure what she was going to do, but she did make that nice pass.

Q. What about her game, and especially at this time of year, she's obviously so strong, but can you talk a little bit about her play at this point?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, I think DiJonai is one of our most improved players in that you remember last year in this game, there were maybe some passes instead of going to Maya went to the 10th row. She really has improved, and she's extremely coachable. She works hard at both ends of the floor. She really got us going, I thought, with her finishes, her free throws, finishes at the other end, and unfortunately she got a couple fouls so she had to sit a little bit. But her rebounding, her -- she's a real -- she's kind of the engine of this train. She really is an emotional leader. She's doing a great job as a captain.

I don't know that last year sitting here I could think that I would be saying what I'm saying about her this year. She's really bought into playing at a higher level, and I'm really proud of her.

Q. Looking around the stands, you had Ruthie Bolton was on one side and she has played for you, former Auburn star, you had Steve Young, you had Russell Wilson. To have all those big names cheering women's basketball, does that mean a lot to you?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, I guess I really don't look in the stands much, so I didn't know who was there. But you know, I think it was a great game, and I was really excited about -- I thought we had a really good turnout. Both fans for us and for Davis were loud and enthusiastic. I thought a very well-played game and an exciting game to watch.

Whether it's Russell or Hall of Fame football quarterbacks or Hall of Fame women's basketball players, they know a good thing when they see it, and more power to the people coming out and watching. But I thought it was a fun game. It was a very exciting game and very well-played game.

Q. When you look at your say top seven players, is this one of the best balanced teams you've had because they can shoot from outside and they can all drive, a lot of them? It's one of your better balanced teams, isn't it?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, let's see. I mean, we've had some pretty good teams, so I don't know that comparing the teams, but I like this team, and I talked to our team after the game. They really play hard for each other. I think they get it. They are very unselfish. They play hard for each other. They enjoy other people's success. They're cheering for each other the whole game. Whether they make shots or whether they're doing the right thing, I think we also have some really good leadership. Shannon, her play, is so underrated but so subtle, just her passing, her screening, her defense. I think she's just really blossomed for us, and Tom, you wrote a really nice article about her, and she's really a big key to why we're being so successful. Maya coming back, Maya had some great plays. But you need it all. You need the rebounding. You need people that can create shots. You need people that can knock down open shots.

I think everyone is feeling confident in a good way, and we're going to be challenged. BYU is going to be a real challenge for us, and we're going to have to play very well to beat them and move on.

Q. Seeing how efficient the offense was, especially in the first quarter and even in the first half and start of the third quarter, is that kind of what you were hoping for or looking for when you went to Jennifer Gross and talked to her about the Princeton offense and that kind of stuff in the off-season?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, I would like four quarters like the first quarter, yes. Our first quarter we really were moving, and sometimes it's almost bad to jump out to a lead like that because then you're always looking at they're going to catch up a little bit. But Jen and Joe really have helped us teach the offense, making -- they're much better at it than I am. But they've helped me a lot. They're my tutors, and I'm the student, and I said to Jen after the game, I said, well, I know you don't feel really good but you can because you helped us be successful. Probably the timing of that comment was not maybe -- I mean, but I know she took it the right way. She has really helped me be a better teacher of the offense. Without her, we couldn't be doing it.

Q. Morgan, you had 25, but it was an awfully tough 25.
MORGAN BERTSCH: You could say that.

Q. They threw a lot of different people at you. Can you talk a little bit about how they were playing you and how do you think you played?
MORGAN BERTSCH: Yeah, I mean, we knew coming in that they were going to try and throw different things at me. Whether that be putting multiple people in the key, digging, doubling, going one-on-one, and I think the thing that I had the biggest trouble with was them changing it up so much. It was kind of hard to get in a rhythm, trying to figure out whether the double is there, whether there's someone on my backside. It's kind of hard to make that read.

But obviously I didn't shoot a great percentage and all that, but I think it was just a game where we were just out there trying to compete and trying to have fun with each other, especially that being the last game I'm going to play with the twins and obviously this amazing team.

Yeah, it was a tough game. It was tough to get open looks. They're a great defensive team, so that's going to be a given. But yeah, we just came out there. We shot some tough shots, but we also kind of had a little bit of swag out there, hit some tough ones. But yeah, it was definitely a tough game, but I'm happy with the way that we competed.

Q. Morgan, you're from the area, so how did it feel before the game knowing that this might be your last game close to home? And then how devastating was that 15-0 deficit for you guys to overcome?
MORGAN BERTSCH: I think for me, it was kind of cool to be able to end my career here because half my family actually lives in Palo Alto, so I've grown up watching Stanford my entire life. Yeah, so I mean, I've come to Stanford camp multiple times. I used to watch them like growing up and stuff. So it was kind of cool to get to end my career in front of a lot of my family. They came out, all of them came out today, and so that was really amazing to just get to finish there in front of them at a school that I used to look up to all the time growing up.

It was really -- it was an awesome experience to just be able to finish with all this amazing team, the people that I love so much, and yeah, my family and my entire family got to see it, so that's also really special for me.

Q. Kourtney, what did you and Karley say immediately after the game to each other?
KOURTNEY EATON: I think she told me she loved me, honestly. I think that's what she said, and we hugged, but I hugged all my teammates. There were a lot of tears, and it was only because I don't get to play with these people again, or these coaches. It was just -- I knew my career would come to an end, but this season has been so amazing, I just didn't want it to end, so it was a little emotional, but just what a year that we had, and just really, they were happy tears today. When we embraced I just told all my teammates I loved them and how much fun I had this year playing with them.

Q. Coming out was there anything that surprised you about your opposition today?
KOURTNEY EATON: I don't think so, no. They're a really talented team, and yeah, that's what they showed us.

Q. Did you ever square off with the Hull twins?
KOURTNEY EATON: No, I actually didn't. I did hear about them, though, but no, we never got to play each other in Washington.

Q. Coach, you think you taught Tara and her staff only too well how to run your offense? What did it look like from your point of view seeing them in previous games going through that same offense?
JENNIFER GROSS: Yeah, yeah, we joked -- Joe, my husband, who's also on our staff, we joked the other day and said, well, maybe we shouldn't have told them everything, you know.

I've been really impressed with them. You know, I've had a chance throughout the season to watch a game here or there, but obviously this week preparing for them, we really had a chance to see how far they've come, and you know, we got to see them back in August and October right when they were starting their practice, and it's fun to watch. Honestly, it's funny to say that as you're preparing for -- you're preparing your scouting report, and at the same time you were saying, oh, wow, look, they're doing this, good for them, they put this in or they put in that wrinkle. I think they've done a tremendous job just really -- you know, they see what -- they know their personnel so well, and they've tried to make, they've tried to adapt the offense to fit their personnel, and they've done a really nice job with that, and their players are starting to get a feel for it. We always say it takes a full year to get a good grasp of the offense from the players' perspective, and they've really evolved throughout the year. We were really impressed with them. We don't run the offense, our team, quite like that anymore. Four or five years ago we were kind of running a pure Princeton offense. We're not doing that anymore. So for our players, we were having to re-teach them a lot of that stuff, so we got beat on a few things that we used to beat a lot of people on, and we were sort of expecting that because we were trying to take certain things away, and that was going to give them certain opportunities.

But they have an excellent team, and they're doing a nice job with the offense.

Q. Did we see -- well, obviously we saw a sneak peek at who's replacing Bertsch next year. Talk to Stobbart's game tonight. Is she a center or a point guard?
JENNIFER GROSS: You know, as we know, we love mobile posts that can shoot the ball, just like Morgan does. She can step out and play all over the floor, and Sage does that, as well. And this year, she really kind of backed up Morgan and played minutes when Morgan was out of the game just because we felt like we had so many wings and so many other players that complemented her inside. But Sage is a tremendous scorer from the outside, as well. She can really knock down the three, and we're going to start to work on her game in terms of her ball handling and her mid-range and trying to make sure that she's comfortable both in and out. But I was really happy for her. She was in the gym all week getting up shots like she's been all year, and we knew we would have to go big at times today, and we said, just be ready to knock them down, and she stepped up in her moment and she came up with some big ones.

Q. Morgan didn't get a chance to answer this because she got a little emotional. That 15-0 deficit and then being down by 20 after the first quarter, was that just too much to overcome?
JENNIFER GROSS: I think so, yeah. To be honest, our staff said, if we can just knock some shots down to start the game, we feel like we can keep it close, and then anything can happen. We just didn't. Unfortunately, I thought we got a couple good looks, I thought we rushed some shots. We just looked a little frenzied at the start of the game.

You know, as much as you tell your team, like, we're ready for this moment and just be us and just relax and stay loose, it is a different feeling, you know. We just didn't knock them down. So that was disappointing because when you look at the rest of the scores from the second through the fourth quarter, we played them tight, and I know -- who knows what could have happened. So it was a disappointing first quarter, and I think credit Stanford, they made everything. So it wasn't just us missing, they also made it. We were hoping that our defense could hold them down even in a situation where we weren't necessarily scoring, but they came out firing, they got hot, and we just built ourselves too big of a hole.

Q. Are you impressed with how tough your team played despite starting the game down 15-0?
JENNIFER GROSS: Yeah, you know, that's something we tried to keep talking about throughout the game was just don't play the score. Let's just keep fighting, keep battling, keep doing what we do. Having come back from 17 down just a week ago, I think there was a belief in our locker room that we could start to cut into this lead a little bit, and that was our goal was just to get a few stops, get a few scores, try to cut it. They just -- again, to Stanford's credit, they just kept making big shots, kept making the plays. Again, you kind of have to pick your poison a little bit. We're taking one thing away, and you're challenging them to do something else, and they did that well. But I was really, really proud of our team for their fight, how they competed through the entire game. We really -- I don't think we looked at the score much. We really just tried to play each possession to really do our best to get stops and scores, and that's all you can do in that situation.

Q. Maya, in what ways does BYU get your attention and what are the things you need to focus on?
MAYA DODSON: I think their biggest thing is their three-point shooting, so that's the biggest thing we're going to have to focus on during the this game, so I think that's the biggest red flag for us.

Q. Maya, what were your big take-aways for the win over UC Davis and how you can build on that against BYU?
MAYA DODSON: I think the first quarter we came out strong on defense and also offensively and I think if we build on our first quarter, we're going to have a great run during the tournament, so I think just focusing on that and just coming out with energy and working hard each game is our goal.

Q. Lacie, your thoughts?
LACIE HULL: I agree with Maya. I think it's not important to focus on the scout and the defense and then also just taking the open shots, the right shots, and sticking together is really important.

Q. Lacie, you guys have obviously been a main stay in the NCAA Tournament for so many years. BYU is one of the newcomers. What is it about this program and the way that Coach VanDerveer runs it that makes it so consistent?
LACIE HULL: Our coaching staff is amazing and I think they prepare us for every game with the scout, and I think just the culture here is really important, valuable, all the players play for each other, play for the coaching staff, play for the school, so I think that's one thing that is really valuable for us.

Q. How much was the one home loss you've had this year kind of a wake-up call and what would you say has been kind of consistent in not having lost a game since?
MAYA DODSON: It was definitely a wake-up call. We knew that we could play better than we did, and it was definitely a hard loss to take, but I think looking back that it really helped us after that, and it was just a learning experience.

LACIE HULL: A lot of things happened in that game that brought to light we had to work on and ever since that game I think we have been improving and taking those things into account for the rest of the games.

LEXIE HULL: I think it gave us a lot more motivation, especially in the Pac-12 Championship game, to redeem ourselves from that big loss. Yeah, so we took a lot of things and improved on certain aspects of our game.

Q. Lexie, any initial thoughts on the BYU Cougars?
LEXIE HULL: They're a great team, and we need to focus on their three-point game because they can get hot and we've seen that in a lot of film.

Q. You lost to a Gonzaga team that BYU beat three times. In a transit of properties game, is there anything you can take from that in terms of caliber of play and what you might expect from BYU and that kind of thing?
MAYA DODSON: I think the biggest thing is not underestimating, especially with good three-point shooters, and also making sure that we come out with a lot of energy. I think the Gonzaga game we kind of didn't come out with a lot of energy and Gonzaga has a great crowd out there, and they really got them pumped.

I think we have a great crowd, too, but we can't rely on our crowd for us to get energy. We need to play with energy because we want to win and in order to win we have to come out with energy each game.

Q. You were talking about the three-pointers. They have a 6'7 big. Does they present any specific problems for you guys?
LEXIE HULL: For sure we have to know where she is at all times because we don't have anyone her size, so she is definitely going to be a challenge, but we have to figure out a way to be able to guard their three-point but also make sure she is contained.

Q. Lacie, if you would address this team from the beginning of the season until now, what's transformed on this team, what's gotten better and improved over the course of the season?
LACIE HULL: I think it's interesting that our first game was UC Davis, and our last game was UC Davis, as well and between those two games we have seen a lot of improvement and a lot of changes. I think it boils down to our focus on both the scout and our offense, just the motivation. I mean, I think that first game, especially for us freshmen, there were some nerves there, it's the first game we've played, but then like yesterday we were settled in, it was time to go, and I think just everyone sticking together throughout the season and being focused on one main goal in the end has been very important for our team, and I think that's what's been the biggest improvement for us.

Q. Presuming you got to see some of the BYU/Auburn game in person, was that helpful for you to see it beyond film and beyond three-point shooting, what other impressions were you left with?
LACIE HULL: They're an aggressive team and I think we need to be aggressive and not wait for them to start that aggressiveness, and watching that brought it to light. We can't come in being, like, slow. We need to be ready to go right from the start.

MAYA DODSON: They're very poised. Auburn has -- during their press they are aggressive but they found a way to stay poised through that, so seeing that shows that we can't think we're going to rattle them, and that's the way we're going to win. We're just going to have to play our game.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies.

Joined now by Coach VanDerveer. Coach, congratulations. If you will begin our press conference with an opening statement.

TARA VANDERVEER: We're very excited to be playing in the game Monday night, and BYU has an excellent team. They had a great win over Auburn. We have a lot of work to do today to get our team prepared, but we will be ready, and we're really happy to be playing.

THE MODERATOR: With that, questions for Coach.

TARA VANDERVEER: Do you recall Tom Holmoe's time as a coach at Stanford, and can you describe any interactions you had with Tom at the time?

TARA VANDERVEER: I do. He's not the AD anymore?

Q. He still is.
TARA VANDERVEER: I was are wondering, because someone asked me that yesterday. He always seemed very upbeat, he worked on the football staff and worked with Bill Walsh and just a real positive kind of encouraging person, enjoyed having him at Stanford and I wasn't sure -- I lost track a little bit. I wasn't sure if he was still at BYU but obviously doing great job there.

Q. (Away from mic.)
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, he might have been there, I just didn't know it. Mostly interaction in the halls and talking in coaches meetings and things like that. Always enjoyed the time I spent with him.

Q. Coach in what ways does BYU get your attention as you prep for this game?
TARA VANDERVEER: They have a lot of very capable players. I think starting inside with somebody 6'7, that gets your attention. They have a lot of players that shoot the ball very well. With someone making 86 threes, that would get your attention, but they pass the ball well, they shoot the ball well, they're a strong, fundamental team and very well coached team.

They play a lot of people so you've got to get to know a lot of different personnel, and they played in a very tough league, winning their conference tournament, obviously. They've had a great season.

Q. You said 6'7 gets your attention. What particular problems does Hanson present for you guys?
TARA VANDERVEER: Well, she blocks a lot of shots, she changes things in the paint when you go in there. I'm glad that we have played against teams that are that big already this year with Baylor with Kalani Brown, different build, but 6'7 and also the young lady at Oregon State, 6-8. So I think if you're not used to playing against that at all you turn and she is going to block your shot. She scores, they run a lot of really nice pick-and-roll action with her. That's a big part of their game.

Q. Coach, the question was asked to your players before, in what ways was that February 10th a wake-up call for your team? What have you seen as a coach that has changed in their mentality and their confidence?
TARA VANDERVEER: It was a beat down. I don't know that a wake-up call is how I would describe it. Oregon came in and had their way. I think maybe our team learned that you not can't just show up. You've got to be ready, and you've got to play hard and play really well if you want to win the game.

Oregon is a great team, and we're really excited to get a chance to play them again and show that that wasn't who we were on February 10th. Hopefully we've played well since then and we can continue to do that.

Q. Coach, you guys are obviously very experienced at this time of year playing in the NCAA Tournament consistently in the last few years. BYU is young in this tourney. Do you think that experience gives you an advantage or leg up, sort of helps your players I guess moving forward through these stages of the tournament? Do you think that helps them?
TARA VANDERVEER: I think experience only helps if you've learned from it. Just because you've done it doesn't mean anything, really, but hopefully the fact that people have been successful in the tournament, they can build on those positive experiences and learn from, you know, why we weren't successful. I don't think basketball or the tournament is rocket science.

You've got to play great defense, you've got to rebound, you've got to execute offensively. It's probably no different than during the season. During the season you're feeling things out, trying to figure out line-ups, trying to figure out combinations, maybe what things to do, but by the tournament you've got to have it figured out.

I hope our team is excited about playing in the tournament and that their experience is going to serve people well.

Q. What did BYU show you against Auburn in particular how they handled Auburn's press?
TARA VANDERVEER: We weren't going to put a press early in like that today anyway, but I thought they handled the press well, they passed the ball well. They're a very fundamental team, they pass and shoot and spread the floor well. It was a great game. Auburn made a great comeback but I think BYU just stayed in there and -- I didn't really see the very end of it because we were getting ready for our game but the fact that Auburn did come back, I think they did force some turnovers, but they didn't get as many as they usually get and wanted.

Again, BYU is, I think, very, very impressive with Gonzales. We saw her in recruiting and she committed early to BYU, but she is an outstanding player, really good shooters, good outside game, good inside game. Hopefully that's how we're going to play, too, hopefully we have a good perimeter and postgame, too.

Q. I thought one of the keys for BYU yesterday was they quickly switched out man into zone. I was wondering if a team that's versatile that can play a lot of different defenses, if that's a concern for you guys?
TARA VANDERVEER: You know, honestly, we have played against everything. We have played against press, we played against zone, player, triangle and 2, box and 1, we have played against everything this year. I really feel like our conference schedule and our nonconference schedule playing Baylor, playing at Tennessee, playing at Gonzaga, you know, we played Florida Gulf Coast. All these teams are in the NCAA Tournament. They've all gotten us ready for this. I think players at this level, they're not going to be, you know, if a team plays player you're doing one thing, if a team plays zone, you're going to look for other things.

I don't see that has being anything that is really disruptive or an advantage. Most teams play both so you're going to -- we play both, they play both, you're going to play whatever is going to work.

Q. In what ways has your team transformed since the beginning of the season and gotten better at, changed? Obviously there are common opponents between you and BYU, but neither of you are the same team from the beginning of the season. How has your team changed?
TARA VANDERVEER: That's a great question. I've been thinking about that a little bit, especially because we played Davis and that was our first game. First of all, unfortunately, we've had some injuries. So not having people has forced other people to step up and play well for us. I think Kiana Williams is doing a great job for us at the point. Last year she played the 2, might have averaged 20-something minutes a game and she has developed into what I think is a really outstanding point guard for our team and in our league and in the tournament.

Initially Lexie Hull started for us, and she got hurt so she was out so now Lacie starts.

Last year we had Anna Wilson doing well and she got out so a lot of it is -- I said to our team the best ability is availability so different people being available, they've improved a lot and they've really listened. The improvement of DiJonai Carrington is outstanding. What she is doing for us this year is a lot different than what she did her freshman and sophomore year. She is a great leader, a scorer and a rebounder for us. Alanna Smith is playing a lot better. So you have someone like Kiana, who was more of a role player last year, Alanna, DiJonai didn't start for us, and these are our go-to players.

I think Shannon Coffee has improved a lot. She is doing really well for us. Maya was out a lot but she is coming back. I think the whole team, individually they have really improved and I think part of it is the fact that they really enjoy playing with each other. So they're not just playing hard for themselves but they're playing hard for each other. Overall, I think we're in a whole different spot and we're forced to be because of some injuries.

Q. What has it taken to have been in 11 straight Sweet 16s?
TARA VANDERVEER: I hadn't really thought about that. I hope it's 12. Again, I think you just -- you have to really be well prepared at this level. Everyone is really talented. What we kind of have asked for in women's basketball is more parity and we have it. There are closer games, more competitive games, there are more upsets. We have to play -- I think that in order to play at the Sweet 16 level you have to do the basic things. You have to rebound, you have to play -- we play scouting report defense. You better know what you're doing out there and work hard to make it happen. Offensively you've got to execute well and take good shots and take care of the ball. And your team has to really enjoy playing with each other. They have to be a team that wants to keep playing, because, you know, you're in the locker room for three, four hours in the training room and they know that maybe some of their friends are at Disneyland or Hawaii or Florida or something. They have to love playing with each other. I think that's probably it more than anything.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

Q. Dijonai, your game was all over the place today. You were hitting threes, going to the basket, got a couple offensive fouls, at least one I think. You hit the floor about three or four times. How can you attribute to it the total game you had today? Are you sore right now?
DIJONAI CARRINGTON: I'm just excited. I'm proud of our team. We struggled shooting, obviously, in the first half. But I think just the way that we stuck together, it wasn't really any one person. I think we all contributed in different facets.

I think I was able to contribute mostly in the second quarter, but I think that just the way our team battled; it obviously wasn't a beautiful offensive game for us, but in any instance, we found a way to win and that's what we're going to have to do moving forward as we continue to seek a National Championship.

Q. What clicked for you in the second half, do you think?
ALANNA SMITH: I had a couple of my teammates just talk to me and tell me, "Keep shooting," like "we love that you're taking those shots and we know that they are going to go in eventually."

And so, you know, if I'm open, I'm going to take an open shot, and I think everyone on our team is confident in doing so, and it was great that the second half that we were falling.

Q. Can you describe your emotions in your final game here at Maples Pavilion?
ALANNA SMITH: Yeah, I think that it's -- it hasn't hit me yet but it's definitely -- I'm sad that that was my last game. I love Stanford. I love the coaching staff. I just love the atmosphere and playing at Maples, and I'm definitely going to miss it. It's been the best four years of my life.

But you know, it's not over yet. We have more games coming up in the next couple weeks, hopefully and we've got to focus on the Sweet 16.

And while it's sad that it was my last game in maples, I have another one in Chicago, so I'm just trying to ride this wave and ride it as long as possible.

Q. How would you compare Shaylee to some of the players you went up against in the Pac-12?
DIJONAI CARRINGTON: I would say, I mean, she clearly was scoring anyway she wanted to kind of today, and I think she's a great player. I think that our defense still did a good job, though. I think we made it tough for her. She got a lot of buckets, but I think that Anna, Lexie, Lacie, everyone who switched on to her really did a good job of defending her. She's a good player though and good players are still going to score.

I mean, I don't really want to compare her to anyone. I think she has her own unique game and best of luck to her, her next three years. That's great, especially for a freshman.

Q. For either player. It was nip-and-tuck and then you scored 16 straight points midway through the third quarter. What do you think was going on in that stretch that allowed you to pull away?
ALANNA SMITH: I think we were hungry. We came out of the second half and we had a really good talk about the first half, and we knew that we weren't playing our best basketball. You know, the only way to go is up, and to improve, so we were hungry in the second half, and we wanted to play better.

And we knew -- we had been getting open shots and that we weren't hitting them so it was just about hitting those open shots and taking advantage of what the defense was giving us, and I think we had a better idea of it after that second half.

So going into the third quarter, we knew what we had to do and we executed really well. People started hitting shots and it just kind of all fell into place.

Q. After Saturday's game, Kiana said that you guys still had not peaked yet; that you still had a lot to show. Your thoughts on what she said, especially after tonight's game.
DIJONAI CARRINGTON: I mean, absolutely. I think we can only go up. I really am so confident in my teammates and our coaching staff. We missed how many threes? 20-plus? I mean --

COACH TARA VANDERVEER: 23.

DIJONAI CARRINGTON: 23 threes. I think that right there tells you that this isn't the cap for us.

Everyone's potential, the sky's the limit for each of our players and as we move on, we're just going to keep getting better and better. This is the time for us to peak, and I think Kiana said it best, yeah, we haven't even touched the surface yet -- scratched the surface yet at all.

Q. How do you feel about playing the No. 11 seed now, Missouri state, in Chicago? They are like the Cinderella team of the tournament, or one of them, anyway.
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: Well, we did that in the Pac-12 tournament, too. You know, hope it's a late game and midnight, Cinderella goes home (laughter).

You know, obviously they are playing very well to be in that spot, and quite honestly, I have not looked at any game past this bracket just because this bracket, so far for us, took a lot of preparation.

But we have played them before in a Florida tournament three years ago, so we'll dig that tape out and we'll really study up and be ready to go. We'll meet for a short amount of time tomorrow.

You know, we'll be ready.

Q. What did you think was the cause for your big explosion there in the 16-0 run in the third quarter, obviously you're hitting your shots, but what more was there involved in that?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: Well, I thought starting out, at halftime, we talked about the fact that we were rushed and you know, I think people -- like the very first play, it was like a little phrenetic. You know, shots and just like calm down and play. So we have 20 minutes; we know what we can do. Let's just come out and focus.

Dijonai did a great job in the first half. She really put the team on her back. You know, we're not used to Kiana being in foul trouble, so we went in the zone and the zone helped us. We were down seven and came back out of that.

And then we just know that Alanna is better than what she did in the first half. Lexie hit a big three for us. Shannon hit a three. It was contagious.

In the second half, we really got going offensively, and we were still working very hard defensively. You know besides obviously Shaylee Gonzales had a great game, but you know, they have a great three-point shooter, No. 1. She was 3-for-11. You know, No. 13, 5-for-18.

So I think other people, our team, it's about everyone playing well, and we've played against some great players in the Pac-12 that have had great games against us and our team still wins, so we just kept playing hard.

Q. Along those lines of the competition you've seen in the Pac-12, five teams --
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: I know, it's awesome. We're really excited for five teams to be in the Sweet 16. I think it's a great statement about our league.

Is there another league with five teams in the Sweet 16? I don't think so.

But I mean, I haven't followed it that closely, but you know, congratulations to UCLA and Oregon state. We're excited. That's awesome.

Q. You talked about Gonzales for a second. Yesterday she was saying Stanford recruited her a little bit.
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: Not hard enough.

Q. We can see why.
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: Yeah.

Q. Can you elaborate a little bit on what kind of player she is?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: I think she's a special player. For a freshman to come into this atmosphere and against some real quality players that she played against, she's very poised. Her numbers speak for themselves. You know, going 4-for 4 from the three, 4-for-4 from the free throw line, 12-for-21, I guess you can do the math better than me but it's better than 50 percent. Probably better than 60 percent.

But you know, she really -- she's surrounded by really good players, and I think, you know, they have a system and she really -- she was very tough to guard.

We switched on her or we're in positions to try to take away stuff; she still made some big shots. She did bank in that one from the corner. I don't know if she called that bank, but you know, she's a very special player.

Q. Late in the fourth, you were up by 18, and in a minute, it was down to nine and you called a time-out. What was your message to the team at that point?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: Well, I think there were some things, we got careless with the ball. They are an aggressive team, and they are going to make a run.

You know, it wasn't -- I think that sometimes I think our team maybe felt that the game was over, and we just got sloppy. We only had eight turnovers for the game and we probably had four of them in that one-minute stretch.

Turning it over, and we just needed to take care of the ball a little bit better, so just tried to remind them of that.

Q. Going back to that run in the third quarter, Jeff thought maybe your team wore them out and that it was more physical than they were used to. Do you think there's any truth in that?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: I thought they were physical, too. You know, we were able to -- I think we were able to play, you know, get people some rest in the first half. Anna came in. Unfortunately she got two fouls. But Lexie, Lacie, Dijonai, I thought Shannon Coffee helped us a lot. I don't know how many minutes she played, but you know, 16 minutes, and then Maya, they were tag-teaming.

The pace of the game was really fast in the beginning of the game, and sometimes that can -- you know, you can't recover from that. Sometimes you come out too fast. It's like a race. You start out really fast and then you're just dying. So it might have -- the pace might have hurt them a little bit.

Q. Just with Anna Wilson, she obviously missed the NCAA Tournament the last two years with injuries. How does it see is it to had he in action?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: It's great. She just gives us a low, quick defender that's just different than Lacie's defense, and Lacie has been playing great defense for us. It allows us to not have Ki defend the ball. We need her. I thought Ki did a really nice job on chase,.

But Anna, especially in the second half, I thought she was really a big key for us. She kind of just made her think about someone being there and got her hands on the ball a couple times. Then she hit her three.

Again, I would have liked it if we could have made some free throws and taken care of the ball down the stretch but I'm excited to be moving on and I'm really proud of how everyone came played hard.

Even when things were not going Alanna's way early, and she stayed with things. You know, it wasn't Ki's best game, but she kept playing hard. So I'm really proud of our team and how hard they work.

Q. Brenna chase was scoreless for most of the game and then she hit a couple shots but the coach felt like you did a great job of shutting her down.
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: You know, she is a terrific shooter. Kiana has guarded players like that, Courtney Ekmark from Arizona State. Goodman from -- she did a great job on Goodwin (ph).

So we had confidence, and Kiana's defense was really, really key. Now, we were switching sometimes, so I bet she got her shots when were key wasn't on her. I'd have to go back and look.

I thought the defense was very focused. People worked very hard not to allow three-point shooting. Even they made eight, we were working really -- they didn't take bad shots. They are a very well-coached team. Even if Shaylee hit some, I think she was open a couple times, but I think we were working hard to keep her in front and get a hand on the shot.

Thank you very much. We're really excited about going to Chicago.

Q. Chloe, you had several big baskets there on the 15-0 run that kind of got you guys going. When things are going right like they were in that moment, how are you feeling? What's going through your head, and specifically tonight?
CHLOE JACKSON: Just to keep it going. We knew we couldn't let up. They're a good team so we had to play hard for a whole 40 minutes.

It's great. Everything was going right for us, but stay in the moment.

Q. Juicy, you missed your first four. I know Kim tells you, Keep shooting. What got you going, I guess?
JUICY LANDRUM: At halftime before we came back out coach told me just to settle down, set my feet, just relax, and shoot. So that kind of helped settle down a little bit in the second half.

Q. Kalani, we talked about the matchup in the post today going into this game. What did you think about how it played out today? You might not have the points, but you were very active and very involved. That pass you had to DiDi was probably one of the best I've seen in a while.
KALANI BROWN: You're right. I didn't have the points or the fancy double-double, but I think I came out with great defense. I think that was my focus in the whole game and I executed.

Oh, the pass to DiDi. She just kept cutting and I just kept seeing her. In the middle of a post move one time. I was like, Wow, she's really wide open. (Laughter.)

I just kept throwing it to her. If you all going to keep leaving her open, I'm going to just throw it to her.

Q. Kalani, you start the game by grabbing the rebound. You and Kristine were right there and got an offensive rebound and then you went right back up with a layup. Was that a big basket in your head at that moment to set the tone?
KALANI BROWN: I definitely think it was a momentum changer. Gave us a lot of energy, and we were really excited to get the first basket. Got us on a roll.

Q. Juicy, three pointer to end the first half. You mentioned at halftime coach said to settle down and just keep shooting. How big was that shot in terms of momentum and a good feeling going into the break?
JUICY LANDRUM: I guess it was kind of a big moment of change; another shot before that was an air ball.

Supposed to be (indiscernible), but the play wasn't open. So, I mean, I just hit the shot. Had to look up at the shot clock and shot it. Just happened to look up and it was two seconds and I just took the shot.

Q. Kalani, end the first quarter, beginning of the second you all outscored them 25 to 2 run. Can you reflect on the atmosphere and this being your senior year?
KALANI BROWN: Fans play a big part. They give us so much energy and excitement when they get excited when we make a great play. They push us to do better. I don't know, we got some of the best fans in the country. Just been a blessing to play in front of them.

Q. Kalani, I know your drive and focus is to get to a Final Four. The emotions of playing your last game in the Ferrell Center. You knew it would come at some point, but what are the emotions like and was it like on that victory lap?
KALANI BROWN: I was more shocked than anything. I don't know. I'm going to miss it for sure. I'm a little sad, but just want to thank Baylor nation. I'm so grateful.

Q. Chloe, the same thing for you. You guys went back in and she did the substitution timeout. Big hug with Kim and then the victory lap. You only spent one year here, but what were those moment like for you?
CHLOE JACKSON: It's been a blessing to play here Baylor. I just can't thank Coach Kim enough for the one year and just recruiting me to come here. I definitely think I made the best decision. The fans have been amazing. They're family for sure. This one year it's really felt longer to me. Yeah, it's a blessing.

Q. Chloe, going back to the game you mention the run. You guys wanted to just keep it going. Before that when it is kind of back and forth and they had the lead a couple times, talk about what if felt like.
CHLOE JACKSON: Just to keep playing our game. We knew eventually we kind of run them down, get them tired, but our transition is our go-to really. Love to get our transition run. We knew once we started that they couldn't keep up much longer.

That was our main focus. I think that helped us on the run.

Q. Kalani, you talked yesterday about getting maybe a one-on-one matchup. Looked like had three on you. How much do you being able to handle Kristine one-on-one really help your defense do you think?
KALANI BROWN: Definitely helped me. She's a great player. She's athletic, can jump out of the gym, so she definitely challenged me on the defensive end. To just come and deliver I think speaks volumes for me, because moving my feet has been something I've been working on for four years and I think I've gotten better, so...

THE MODERATOR: Anymore questions for the student-athletes? Ladies, we'll let you go. Thank you.

Questions for Coach Mulkey.

Q. Kim, I remember in the NCAA tournament selection show Andy Landers' question about whether or not you all would be able to do tempo? Did you answer that tonight?
COACH MULKEY: Yeah, I don't know. You either go fast or you're slow. I think we were fast tonight in parts of the game and parts of the game it was a half-court game.

I don't know if there is another part of tempo that he was referring to, but we can do both. I think that when you get down to the top teams in the country you're going to have to execute in the half court both offensively and defensively, and we can do that.

Q. Clearly the post matchup was fun to watch, but it seemed clear right away that they were going to make your guards beat them. Just talk about what Chloe and Juicy, your guards, were able to do.
COACH MULKEY: Three things were key to this game. I said this before in the scouting report. The best defensive team is going to win, best rebounding team is going to win, and depth is going to be a factor.

I thought all three played out. Cox and Kalani's defense, I think that's the first game all year she didn't have a double-double. You give credit to Cox who came out and guarded her in the second half. I thought they would go right at here and didn't want to have Kalani pick up her third foul.

I thought Kalani was tremendous on the defensive end because she was very disciplined. Kalani always has trouble picking up that second foul, leaning into them, wanting to block a shot. I just told her, The thing that will impress people the most tonight is can you guard her, and I think she proved that she could.

Then when you talk about rebounding, that kid played 33 minutes and had six rebounds, and I can't help bu look at NaLyssa Smith and Aquira DeCosta. They both played 11 minutes, and Queen Egbo. All three of those. That's three freshmen. They played 11 minutes and have unbelievable stats.

So therein is the rebounding and also the depth that I thought would play a factor.

Q. Kim, do you think of a 25 to 2 run as sort of a knock-out punch? Is that something that you want to see your team be able to do on a given night?
COACH MULKEY: Yeah, I would like to see it every game. As I told them when we were up 40 in the timeout, don't look at the score. These last minutes I am evaluating you as we progress in this tournament.

Just keep coaching, because a lot of those kids are young. We only have two seniors on the team. I just thought that -- you just got a bunch in that locker room that can play. It's our job to keep them focused and motivated. I think I have used everything possible to motivate them. I'm digging deep. Showing them 2005 National Championship film.

They're just looking at me like, Coach, God, you were younger, no wrinkles, no gray hair. I said, Focus on the floor. Anything. Because, guys, it was a long period. 12 days was a long period between the time our conference tournament was over and playing, and you didn't want to become rusty. Wanted to give them some days off.

I was impressed with a lot of things on that floor for us tonight. We beat a Cal team that was on a roll, that had won a lot of basketball games, that plays in a great conference against some great teams. We came out ready to play.

Thought the crowd was good. They took their Geritol. Saw some folks that honestly surprised me they can stay up this late. Now they proven it, they need to get on that airplane and go to Greensboro. It's my understanding we play the first game; is that right?

THE MODERATOR: No. Second.

COACH MULKEY: We play the second game Saturday in Greensboro at 2:00 p.m., so that's 1:00 p.m. here, right?

What else?

Q. Kind of touched on it on that run in the? Second quarter. Chloe's made some pretty big mid-range shots and long twos. You think those shots from her really helped space you away from Cal?
COACH MULKEY: I think Chloe's ability to shoot mid-range jumpers has made us a very good basketball team, very dangerous team. She was a two player at LSU, an off guard. You don't want to take that away by moving her to the point, so really it never changed with us on her scoring ability.

What did change was she now had to think the game through the eyes of a coach on the floor. She has done a remarkable job with that.

Q. Kim, you mentioned obviously the crowd here tonight. Apparently throughout all 16 regions there were good crowds the first two rounds. Talk about what that means for women's college basketball.
COACH MULKEY: Well, it's why we moved from neutral courts. I read Brice Cherry's article in Sunday's paper, and I'm not sure the gist of his article, but it sounded like he wanted to say home court is an advantage. Well, we've tried the other way, as you all heard me say. We're not ready for that. What I would say to him is get better. If you're one that doesn't get to host, get better. Improve your team.

You know, I'm not a believer, like he said in his article, that the tournament starts after you get to the Sweet 16. I thought that was a great game tonight. I've seen some lower seeds get beat. Didn't I just see Missouri State beat Iowa State on their home floor? There were five lower-seeded teams in the round of 32 that worn. Miami got to beat in the second round and they were a three or four seed.

So disagreed with his article that the game doesn't start until basically you get to a Sweet 16. Maybe I interpreted the article wrong. Man, I sure wish he would've talked about what a great memory it was for Abilene Christian. God, what a memory those kids have, instead of something that came across as negative.

Q. You talked about Queen and what she was able to do in 11 minutes. A lot of that was even with Anigwe still in the game. For her to have eight points, six rebounds, two blocks...
COACH MULKEY: Look at NaLyssa's stats. Look at Aquira's stats. I couldn't pick one of the three of them because what they did was outstanding. We emphasize rebounding to those kids, and they went in there. The points are icing on the cake.

What they did defensively in altering shots -- they fouled a couple times -- but just going in there and rebounding the ball, and all three of those kids did that.

Q. Coach, you talk about the fans allowing you to feed the monster all the time. You exhibited such excellence in 19 years. What do you have to say for your fans about continuing to feed the monster?
COACH MULKEY: They're still here. I shouldn't say that, because a lot of the them have passed away. We've lost a ton of great supporters, Maggie. They appreciate women's basketball at Baylor University. I'm blessed. Little did we know as a staff when we came here 19 years ago that we would do this as quickly as we did it.

And then to maintain it, it wears on you. It wears on you. Some coaches have a different personality than I do. I give it everything I have. I give it every ounce of energy I have. Those kids give it every ounce of energy they have. The fans, God bless them, because they love women's basketball here at Baylor.

Q. Kim, now you go to Greensboro to play South Carolina. Do you like the fact that you've been to Columbia, South Carolina to play South Carolina?
COACH MULKEY: I thought about that. Do I like the fact that we've already played them this year or would I rather go into it not knowing much about each other? I don't know. But we know what they do; they know what we do.

It'll be like a home court to them. What is it, couple hours, two, three hours from their home. I'm not sure NC State, Kentucky. Who one that? NC State. It's be a home court for them. That's where the ACC tournament is played there.

That's okay. That's okay. We'll go and give it our best shot, and got to win two to get to a Final Four. It's fun. It's fun.

THE MODERATOR: Any other questions? Coach, congratulations on the win.

COACH MULKEY: Thank you.

Q. Kristine, obviously a tough way for it to finish, but talk about you had the two fouls early on. Did that affect you much at all, take you out of what you were trying to do? Looked like it only slowed you down for a minute though.
KRISTINE ANIGWE: No, nothing can really slow me down. I guess the two fouls definitely I had to adjust and play differently. Kalani is really, really good player and Lauren Cox as well. Playing against them when I was in foul trouble was hard. Couldn't be as active as I wanted to be.

You know, I don't know. My team had my back I feel like. We had those doubles really hard. I think they ended up with like below their average clearly. I had two fouls in the first half. I ended up having four falls in the third quarter. That really, really was like I had to back off. I couldn't be as active as I usually play.

I think we played our best many like against Kalani and Lauren, so...

Q. AT, obviously your last game. Try to put in perspective what it means to get to this point. I know you're disappointed, but in general.
ASHA THOMAS: Of course we don't like the outcome of this. I would say to get to this point with my teammates, my family. There is no better feeling knowing you do what you could do. I mean, throughout these four years, not just this game. Definitely been a blessing, connection, sisterhood.

That's something I'll have for the rest of my life. I wouldn't take anything -- I don't think I'll regret anything that I have right now.

Q. Kianna, talk about that first quarter. You kind of got on a hot roll. You all had a lead until right there late. How well were you playing in the first quarter?
KIANNA SMITH: We came into this game believing we can win. This is the NCAA tournament. That's what you do. Baylor is good team. We had no doubt that we could come out on the other side.

Q. I would like to know from any of the four of you, what was going through your mind when Baylor was just going crazy scoring there beginning late in the first quarter through the next two periods?
KRISTINE ANIGWE: Like Kianna said, it's the NCAA tournament. Of course we're trying stay in the game, trying to do whatever it takes to win.

We were still in the game the first quarter, the second quarter. We could have came back. We didn't put our heads down, didn't give up. That's what's going through our mind, not giving up, and I think that is what every team in this tournament is doing.

There are 32 teams left for a reason, and those teams are incredible and really good and they can compete. The score does not show like who we are. Like we are -- I don't know. I wish we could play that game over again. Yeah.

THE MODERATOR: Any other questions for the student-athletes? All right, ladies. Thank you very much.

ASHA THOMAS: Thank you.

KIANNA SMITH: Thank you.

KRISTINE ANIGWE: Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for the coach.

Q. How does a coach and team react when they're just going nuts shooting the ball and scoring so many in the second and third quarters?
COACH GOTTLIEB: Well, it's not the fun part of the job. I mean, my reaction when their guards are hitting every mid-range pull-up and Juicy is gonna to go 50% from three, I'm thinking, This team is a favorite to win the National Championship.

Can we have been better in our game plan? Absolutely. We gave up too many offensive rebounds. We were late on a few rotations. But they're so powerful inside and there are so many bodies coming at you.

We say Kalani and Cox, but then there are three more coming off the bench that are pretty darn good. You can't play them one-on-one inside so you've got to give up something.

If you're forcing them to beat you from the outside and they're beating you from the outside, my thought is, Gosh they probably deserve to win. Even though we're looking for adjustment of what we can do better.

Q. Coach, you mentioned Baylor's having to reinvent itself at the point guard position. Chloe Jackson, the way she was hitting shots, really was the catalyst for them tonight. What's your impression of what she's been able to do for them this season?
COACH GOTTLIEB: Yeah, we actually played against her couple years ago at LSU. She was really good then. When you have a grad transfer, it's a different kind of deal. It's a one-year thing. You have to integrate quickly and figure the roles out. I don't know intimate knowledge of their system, but I know she wasn't naturally a point guard. They had a need for a pint guard, and she's been able to fill that role to the tune of them being the No. 1 team in the country.

Credit to her figuring out what they needed her to do and she's done it really, really well.

Q. Like you said, you almost have to pick your poison with this team. I think Juicy missed her first four. Are you feeling like maybe we did pick the right thing?
COACH GOTTLIEB: Yeah. I mean, I thought the first quarter, you know, was indicative of how we wanted the game to go, which is you have to sandwich the big kids and not let them get touches; when they get touches, double them and try to make the other people beat you.

Obviously Juicy is over 40% from the year for three. She's a good three-point shooter. We're not trying to let her get as many open looks. You can do some things a little bit with DiDi because she's knows her role and she's not necessarily looking to shoot a ton.

We we're just trying to make them take uncomfortable, awkward shots, like we faced at times when people double and triple Kristine. When you are out of the shots that you normally get, that's when you have a chance to maybe rattle a team.

Unfortunately the ball screen action really hurt us, because that kind of got rid of the primary defender, and now she's hitting open mid-range shots. We had a hesitancy for a post player to show or hedge, because now you're dropping it to six, seven, and it's hard to rotate on that.

They made the shots they needed to make. Then, like I said later, got away from us and everything wasn't working. Early on we would take a game like that where we're scoring and they're missing some shots and hitting some shots. That's how you stay in the game with them.

Q. As you said a minute ago, this is a team that can win a National Championship. You've seen them too much at this time of the year. Is this team much better than the other two you faced?
COACH GOTTLIEB: I mean, I thought the team that we lost to here two years ago was pretty darn good. That was when the Final Four was in Dallas, right? They ended up losing to I think Mississippi State in the Elite 8. That team I thought could have easily been in the Final Four as well.

This team is really, really good because the post play is more mature. It was younger at that time. They're so deep so they can withstand one of the posts getting in foul trouble. Their strengths aren't matched by anybody else's in the country exactly.

But other teams are really, really good in other areas and can maybe find weaknesses of theirs I guess. I think they're obviously a contender to win the National Championship, as are, the fun part of college basketball this year, five other teams.

Q. Kristine had the double-double streak. Were they just doing that good of a job blocking her out and making sure she wasn't getting in there?
COACH GOTTLIEB: Yeah. Can we just talk about that for a second? 33 consecutive double-doubles. The kid has had a year that should be in the history books, will be in the history books of women's college basketball. She had a tough night tonight. They can do what some other teams can't do against us is why it was a terrible matchup for us.

Kim said some really nice things in her pre-game, that for them it's more like Sweet 16 matchup. It's not a great matchup for us because they can guard her one-on-one more than most teams can and pressure our guards because of the size.

She missed a couple she can make, but obviously it's a little bit different. There is one of her and six of them on that roster. Literally size-wise they can just run people at her.

I think they wore down a little bit. Some of the out-of-area rebounds that she goes and gets. Here she is still incredibly athletic and can get her hands on them, but doesn't completely come down with it.

And I do think the early foul trouble was a factor. I have a lot of the confidence to play her through foul trouble because she is pretty smart and has good body control, but of course it's going to make her a little less aggressive.

All of that together made her have a little bit of a tough night, but I think she still puts a lot of pressure on the defense where they have to guard her quite a bit.

THE MODERATOR: Any other questions for coach? Coach, congratulations on a great season. We appreciate your time.

Q. For people here in town who haven't seen your team play, there's going to be a lot of curiosity about Megan. What can fans expect to see from her?
COACH LISA BLUDER: I could write a book right now. It's hard to put into just a few sentences. Megan is just a tremendous player, as far as you can look at her statistics and see that she leads the United States in five different statistical categories, including points per game, field goal percentage. She's a double-double machine. She not only scores but she rebounds for us. She finishes up the defense with an unbelievable job on the defensive glass.

But I think what makes Megan so special is not just her basketball statistics. I think that's really a disservice to her to just look at her statistics and say that's what she is as a player. She's so much more than that. She is a teammate; one of the best teammates, one of the hardest workers I've ever been around. She's a great leader and academic student. She's a double business major at the University of Iowa in finance and marketing. She's a community role model for us. There's boys and girls around the State of Iowa that look up to her and emulate her. She's an unbelievable role model.

I don't like to just talk about her basketball abilities, although that could fill up complete newspaper herself, but it's what she is as a person that makes Megan special.

Q. You're back in the Sweet 16 and won the conference tourney in many, many years. Has this season felt special and different to you?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah I think you have to have a special team or you're not here, we're in the Sweet 16, Top-4 percent of the teams in the United States are here right now. I think every Sweet 16 team is special and ours certainly is.

I think that this team not only has the talent but they have the camaraderie to go with it and the unselfish play, we're one of the top teams in the country in assists and this team knows how to distribute the ball and they are very unselfish. That's the different element is not only are they talented and we have an All-American on this team -- you know, I don't like to say -- Megan has a great supporting cast, and I think you don't get here without that.

You can have an All-American on your team, but you don't get this far unless there's a great supporting cast around her. But I think what makes this team special, it's their love for each other. It's that they believe that they are a family and they will do anything for each other, and I think that's what makes the difference.

Q. You've had a chance to look at N.C. State. What concerns you about them? What do they do that could be a problem?
COACH LISA BLUDER: You know, I think they are so good at spot-up 3s. I mean, 38 percent of their shots are 3s. They shoot the 3 ball very well.

I think that Cunane is a great match-up with Megan. She has more heighth than Megan. Obviously Megan has a little more experience, but I see her as just one of the next up-and-coming great posts in America, so I think that that's going to be a terrific matchup.

I think Leslie is a great player that can score in a variety of ways and I think those kids are so hard to defend when you have to worry about not only their three-point shot but their ability to beat you off the bounce. Her pull-up jumper at 15 is beautiful. Those type of things.

But they are all good players. Crutchfield and the way she's shooting the 3 right now, are you kidding, 70 percent in the last five games. That's unbelievable numbers. There's a lot of things that certain me about them.

Q. Hate to keep harping on Megan, but the 70 percent shooting percentage, that's staggeringly good. It has to be more than just being close to the basket. How do you explain that kind of shooting percentage?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Practice. I mean, the kid just practices and practices. Works hard.

You know, there are some kids that kind of have a false confidence at this time of year. You know, they have kind of pulled the wool over people's eyes, but she's earned her confidence. I mean, she's been in the gym from day one that she walked on our campus. She's been one of the hardest workers we've ever had, so she gets her confidence through a lot of hard work, and it's there. It's there.

Q. I saw Megan was ranked as the No. 12 recruit in the nation. Can you imagine 11 better than her, and what was her recruiting story like?
COACH LISA BLUDER: She was 90th, if I remember right. She just made the Top-100 or something like that -- 12th in her position.

You know, we found Megan around her sophomore year in high school and was putting up unbelievable numbers at Wisconsin in the state tournament, and then we were able to get her to our campus for our elite camp following her sophomore year and that's when we knew how special she was when we actually had the chance to work with her on the court. It was then that we offered her a scholarship. She visited some other schools obviously but committed to us relatively early. I think the end of her junior year is when she committed to us.

Q. Beyond talking about Gustafson, let's talk about some other players and some match-ups, because Wes is worried about certain matchups and I'm sure you're concerned others. What are some of the matchups that you want to see; that you would like to see; that you are concerned about seeing?
COACH LISA BLUDER: I think every single matchup you look at on paper is really good. I mean, I think point guard to point guard, I think you look at every single one of those match-ups and they are all intriguing. They are all interesting.

I think that you look at Rogers and what -- how explosive she is as an athlete in what she does, I think that's a great match-up with Hannah Stewart. I think every one of these match-ups -- it's kind of ironic, both of our teams are not very deep.

So I think the whole -- you know, I could go down every single one of them. I think all the matchups are very unique and interesting.

Q. Following up on the post players, what do you see -- do you see anything in Cunane that you saw when Gustafson was 16, 17, 18 years old and what types of defenses has she seen that the Big Ten has thrown at her over the four years?
COACH LISA BLUDER: For Cunane, I think she's got better body balance than Megan had when she was a freshman. Megan came in never really lifting weights or having that kind of background; so the weight development that she did, the strength development that she did, she just became a better athlete.

But I think Cunane, she's a good athlete now. I think she runs the court well now. I think her -- she seals extremely well. I mean, her teammate -- just like our team with Megan, I think does a great job of feeding her. I think they do a great job on seals.

I definitely think she is definitely one of the best up-and-coming best centers in America. I really believe that. I think we're going to see a lot about her in the future.

Q. Any defenses you've seen --
COACH LISA BLUDER: You name it, we've seen it. Everybody's tried all kinds of stuff. You know, has it worked? I don't know. She's shooting 70 percent, averaging 28 points. I don't think a whole lot has worked, but we've seen everything.

Q. South Carolina looks like the deepest team you'll have played in a little bit and they also have the experience of winning the National Championship two years ago. How do those things factor in as you start to game plan for them?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Well, we certainly see how many minutes kids play. That's one of the things you look at when scouting a team. You know, each coach knows what they have to do. I don't play that many players. If I play that many players, we're way ahead or we're way behind. But it's effective.

They are very good. They are not the same team that won the National Championship two years ago, with the exception of I think Cuevas-Moore and Harrigan, so we're very much aware of it. I can't tell you any more as to why they play that many players, but it works for them.

Q. You beat them by 25 back in December as you prepare for this rematch. How have they changed?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Were you at that game? Don't answer it. I know you weren't. I was looking for you.

Q. I was honest another assignment.
COACH KIM MULKEY: But it couldn't have been more important than them. I'm pulling for women's basketball, man.

We did play them obviously. They're a different team now. We're a different team now. Some players that didn't play much in that game are now huge factors for them. You know about their guard play and how quick they are and how many players that they play. They like to push it and get up-and-down the floor.

The difference probably in that game and probably what you'll see tomorrow is they started out in a zone defense, I'm assuming because of our bigs, they stayed in it and we jumped in on that really quick. Our guards hit a lot of perimeter shots, and then they got out of the zone.

I don't anticipate that happening because how effective our guards were against them in December but also our guards are pretty good.

While we have Cox and Kalani inside, we are not too shabby at other positions, either.

Q. Because of how much they have change, how much do you look at what happened that night?
COACH KIM MULKEY: You don't. You don't. You look at the most current games that you can, and what's that we look at is a lot of the SEC games and how they defended Mississippi State with their big. Go to the most current stuff you can find, and you flush that. We flushed that game after it was over because it was a good matchup as far as going on the road to see what we were made of and what our strengths and weaknesses were but it was flushed quickly because you have to prepare for the next opponent.

Q. You've been to these regionals and Final Fours as a player, assistant and head coach. Does it change at all for you over the years?
COACH KIM MULKEY: A lot changes. More television coverage. More media. You never get tired of it. Your competitive juices continue to flow, and what you're most excited for as you grow older as a coach is you're excited for those young ladies in the locker room because it's exciting for those freshmen who have never been to the NCAA playoffs. It's exciting for anybody on your staff that's never been.

For me, it just keeps your juices flowing and you -- you're more experienced, obviously, but we're going to have fun with it.

Q. What do you take from the 2013 Sweet 16 loss? Similar situation to this one where you were heavily favored and came in, I think on a long winning streak, as well.
COACH KIM MULKEY: I knew that you would ask me about that 2012 National Championship, but you want to focus on the negative, right? All right.

Are you talking about the Louisville loss? You can't compare South Carolina to Louisville. Those teams are totally different. I just think it was a game, looking back on it, that was incredibly physical; that we had not ever seen before, and we're pretty physical ourselves. A lot of three-point shots taken and a lot of three-point shots made, and we made just a great effort to get back in the game and had a shot there at the end and missed it.

But that's why it's called March Madness, there are no guarantees. We played these guys in December and guarantees us nothing. If you think we're walking around with our chests poked out and our heads really big and licking our chops, you don't know a lot about me and my personality.

We have a respectful fear of everybody we play, and that's the way I approach coaching. If we were playing a team that had not won a game all year, I'm going to do the same thing in that locker room, the same kind of scouting report, because that's how I coach. I just have a respectful fear of the next opponent.

Q. You have experience in the Big 12 playing teams twice a year. I was just wondering, do you notice a big difference between playing teams the first time, the second time? Is it much harder to win that second time?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Sometimes it is. It depends on if you go on the road first or you're playing at home second.

I think that I can't speak for other coaches, but I probably think they agree with me. Guys, when you're playing in-conference, we know everything about each other. You can't even breathe. They know our calls. You have to change your calls from each time you play them. They know the strengths, weaknesses, take this away.

I believe the NCAA Tournament is a breath of fresh air when you get out of the conference. I've always believed that because you're seeing, although we're playing South Carolina, you're still seeing a new opponent and I can't imagine when you get to the NCAA playoff that it's any harder than conference, particularly if you have good coaches and good teams in your conference that are just going to beat each other up and know everything about each other.

Q. This coliseum has such a rich history. What is it like for your team to be here and playing at the groans borrow coliseum?
COACH KIM MULKEY: It's my first time to ever be in Greensboro. We keep up with the ACC, both men and women and we appreciate that they have a home base. This is where they play every year. We don't have that in the Big 12. It alternates every few years to a different site. So that tells me that it's much appreciated by the fans and that there's great fan support, and I'm excited to be here because I know with my accurate accept, somebody in North Carolina is going to be more southern than me (winking).

Q. I've heard other coaches talking about your team taking on your personality. Do you see that with Dawn, too, with the South Carolina team?
COACH KIM MULKEY: I think not just Dawn, but I think your team, everybody's team takes on their coach's personality. That's just human nature, and I would think, yes.

You know, Dawn -- I'm going to date myself here, but Dawn, I go back to when she was at Virginia playing for Debbie Ryan and I was an assistant at Louisiana Tech and trying to figure out how to guard her and Tammy Reiss and those guards.

Dawn coaches the way she played. I coach the way I played, and we both played for outstanding coaches and I would think, yeah, her team should. She's got a resum that's unbelievable. I'd want to emulate success.

Q. You've obviously had the pleasure of coaching a heck of a lot of great players and a lot of great bigs over the years, but this front line y'all have this year is just about the most formidable thing I've ever seen. How do they stack up in terms of your experience historically?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Well, it's like comparing your children; you can't. You have to remember, I coached Griner, and with Griner were two 6-3s and 6-4s, and that team went 40-0. So you don't care them. I think that with Kalani at 6-7 and then you have Cox at 6-4 and then you bring in two freshmen posts at 6-2 and 6-3 that are really different ballplayers, they are more athletic and run the floor, while Kalani and Cox, you think are back to the basket post players, they are really not. They can face up and shoot it. Their size is just bigger.

They work so well together, because a lot of it is, they pass to each other well. I tease them all the time, our guards sometimes can't get the ball to our bigs when they are open, but get the ball in another post player's hands and she seems to be able to find it. Now, I don't know if that's the length being able to see over the defense or if it's the post players taking care of each other.

They just work together well. They read each other well. They are friends. They like each other. Those kids, they are special. But I can't compare them to others in the past because I have been blessed to really coach some great post play.

Q. You're the No. 1 overall seed but not the favorite to win the tournament. Do you feel you're being overlooked?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Oh, no. Somebody had to get that No. 1 overall seed (winking) we'll take it. (Laughter).

Q. Juicy said one of the things you told her after that freshman year is, "Your defense has to get better if you're going to play for me." How have you seen her improve from that send of the floor?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Well, she's probably not the only player I've told that to. Your freshman year is your most difficult year of your basketball career. It's the most difficult year of your life, whether you're an athlete or not. You're leaving home for the first time most of them, your comfort zone is gone. They are all great players. They all have been dominant players in high school and they have really only had to probably play one end of the floor throughout their career.

When you get to this level and you want to play at the elite of the elite, you've got to play both ends of the floor. The only way they learn that is experience it. I'll go back to Juicy fouled out at Kansas State her freshman year. Played nine minutes and she fouled out.

So that right there taught her more than anything I could tell her. She was embarrassed. She got ragged on for months. But the cute story with that is some of them that were ragging her fouled out their freshman year in less than nine minutes, so it's lessons they learn from each other, and it usually happens on the court, not from what I tell them.

Q. For Kalani and Lauren. When you played USC in December, what things impressed you most about them, and even though you won pretty easily, tell me why you expect to face a tougher challenge from them tomorrow?
KALANI BROWN: Even with the large margin of victory, they never gave up. They were relentless, even late in the game, they hit some threes and tried to get the momentum going for themselves. Their transition defense, I mean, transition game, period, really like impressed me.

LAUREN COX: Everybody is playing their best basketball right now. It's win and advance; if you lose, you go home. So everybody is going to give you your best shot, and it's going to be a completely different game.

Like Kalani said, their transition game is really good. They are really quick. So we're going to have to get back on transition defense.

Q. Chloe, can you talk about facing their guards and what you expect to see from them?
CHLOE JACKSON: Like they said, their transition game is good. They are quick. They are going to get out and run with us. And they are going to be aggressive on the ball on defense, so I just expect them to be physical, quick.

Q. Playing South Carolina as a member of LSU for as many years as you did and then coming here, how much has that team changed out A'ja Wilson?
KALANI BROWN: I think they are more dependent on their guards than they were with A'ja. With A'ja she was a force to be reckoned with down in the post, but they are definitely more dependent on their guard play, I would say.

Q. Obviously your first matchup was pretty one-sided in your favor, but practice leading up to this one, how have you made adjustments tactically or kind of thought about, you know, what do we need to do different, if anything; how might they attack us differently or how can we attack them differently versus the last time-out?
CHLOE JACKSON: I think they started the game out in the zone, and I don't think that was really their -- like their go-to defense that they wanted to play, so I feel like they are going to play us in a man. That's kind of what they are more used to.

I expect that, and then I just expect them to push it and get up -- get up a lot of threes. I think they are going to want to shoot a lot of threes and hopefully make them.

LAUREN COX: I think they are going to throw a lot of different lineups at us. They had some players who are playing more minutes now that didn't play against us like Cuevas-Moore and their other post player, Harrigan, is that her name? Yeah.

KALANI BROWN: I think they are going to try to be more physical, especially with us in the paint, but it's nothing we haven't seen before, and like I said, their transition game has definitely improved.

Q. Going deeper into the NCAA Tournament, sometimes that senior leadership can mean a lot more to a team. How much more responsibility are you placing on your shoulders as you go even farther?
KALANI BROWN: You know, us three up here are pretty much the captains of the team. So, you know, we know we've been on this level before, and just trying to get our young ones, showing them what to do in the right way. But we've had a few good practices leading up to this point, and I think everybody is focused and, I think they really made my job and their jobs a lot easier.

Q. Like you said, the three of you are the captains and get a lot of attention. What player on your team do you think that people might be surprised by in this round of the tournament? Who should people be on the lookout for that might not be the headliner?
KALANI BROWN: I would say Didi Richards. A lot of people don't give her recognition but her defense is outstanding, and I think she's overlooked a lot.

LAUREN COX: I agree with Kalani about Didi, and then Moon and NaLyssa coming off the bench, they kind of come in and give us a spark. Moon can hit some outside shots. She plays really good defense and NaLyssa can get inside and make some moves and get us some offensive rebounds.

CHLOE JACKSON: Yeah, I agree with LC. All of those girls, Didi, Moon and NaLyssa. NaLyssa is a comes in and she rebounds. She's definitely come in big lately with a lot of rebounds, put-backs, and Didi she cuts the baskets well and she defends for us really well. And Moon, she did a great job against South Carolina last time, so I expect the same out of her this time.

Q. So Kalani, you've been here for four years. You've gone through these games more than anyone else. What do you think is different about your team this year and what can bring you all the way?
KALANI BROWN: I think that we have a lot of depth. We can throw any lineup out there and not miss a beat. You know, this lime last year, we didn't have that much depth, and you know, at that point we were pretty much exhausted.

So everybody's focused. Everybody's looking for one goal, and I think that's -- I can't say that the whole team, the entire team, like every single person was focused as we are now.

Q. More on that depth. You really haven't had to play the entire game all season long. I guess a two-part question. Are you prepared for that, and were there games in the past where you wanted to tell Coach, you wanted to stay in the games longer?
KALANI BROWN: I am prepared for that, I would say. I've kept myself in shape doing extra for the games I got maybe like ten to 12 minutes, because there have been games like that.

But stay in the game longer, for what? Give the young ones a chance to learn.

Q. You guys are 33-1, but y'all have at least been tested and y'all have been pushed in several games. How much does that help at this time of the year, that you've been in some of those tight games that you had to pull out?
LAUREN COX: It's been good for us. Especially for the young ones to kind of see that. I mean, we've played in some tough ones the years before but playing many some of those especially close to the tournament, it helps us pull through and have the experience for when we do have one of those games.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. I asked Kim about it, if your team takes on your personality. Can you see that in Kim's team, as well, and does your team take on your personality?
COACH DAWN STALEY: Does my team take on -- probably not. They are a lot looser than I am, or have ever been, as a player.

Kim's team, I think at times they take on her personality, but I think we're so far removed from this generation, you know, that you only see bits and pieces of it. They can only -- they only can take so much of the old school mentality because they are themselves. For us coaches, we have to figure out ways in which to get them to play more like us a lot more often.

Q. Obviously your team has changed a lot since you faced Baylor earlier in the season. What can you take from that game into this game to kind of help get over the hump?
COACH DAWN STALEY: I mean, you just have to take the experience of playing someone as big as they are. I think their length and their girth it's a real thing. Sometimes when you're watching them on film, they don't look as big as they do when you actually have to play against them.

I feel like we're a lot more healthy than we were at that stage of the game. We didn't talk about our players who were, you know, trying to get back closer to 100 percent, but we were not 100 percent by any means. So we are more -- we've played all season long, probably ever since December, we've been more healthy than not.

So we're looking forward to having a healthy roster and you know, seeing where we stack up and where we improved from a couple of months ago.

Q. As you prepare for this rematch with Baylor, and you look at them, study the video, do they look the same, or are they playing better than they were when they played you in December?
COACH DAWN STALEY: I think they are playing better. Obviously she knows what she wants. Their playbook isn't huge. They are just very calculated and efficient with what they want and they force you to stop them doing the things that they want to do.

I think we're better; I think we're a better basketball team at this stage of the game. I don't think we will, you know, have the same game plan, because the game plan back in December was we started out in the zone because we just didn't feel like we could, you know, matchup with them with the -- that current health of our basketball team. We're healthy so we're going to fly around and play the way we've been playing over the past few weeks.

Q. When Baylor beat you earlier, putting your record at 4-4, you went on to win 13 of 14. I know you got healthy, but have you improved in some areas of play, and can you talk about that a little bit?
COACH DAWN STALEY: Yeah, I think just the first few games of the season, I think people fail to realize that we had probably a third of our team that were new, you know, new: Three freshmen, one grad transfer, one grad transfer in Te'a Cooper, and we just tried to instill some chemistry in what we're doing and that's actually more than a third of our theme and they had to play an integral role in our success. We had a couple of new starters who were just trying to figure out how to play more minutes, and play a bigger role for our basketball team.

So I think the chemistry is much better. I think our players understand how we need to play and what they need to do in order for us to be successful, so I think that's the reason why we went on, you know, such a run, and we got healthy.

Q. Is there anything interest your run two years ago -- I know you were a favorite then, a No. 1 seed then. Is there anything you draw on from then, either as being a 4-seed playing a 1-seed or just surviving and advancing?
COACH DAWN STALEY: You know, at this stage much the game, it is, you know, no matter what the number is besides your name, you have to play. You have to game plan and you have to play because anything, anything can happen at this stage of the game. So you know, we're just going to play. We're going to fly around out there and let the chips fall where they may.

But there is a huge difference in being the No. 1 seed and being a No. 4 seed as far as it's just different. We were a 5-seed at one point, I believe, in 2012 -- yes, 5-seed? 2012, so first time being a 4-seed, and having to play the No. 1 team in the country.

So that's the biggest difference. You know, you don't usually see the No. 1 team for us until a lot later on. We'll be challenged in that way. I'd rather play the big ones up front. If you can knock them down, then everything seems to be a little easier, not a lot easier, but a little easier.

Q. The other day, you sent out a message on Twitter thanking Holly for what she had done at Tennessee. Why did you want to send that message, and what are your thoughts on her legacy?
COACH DAWN STALEY: I mean, Holly is a good friend of mine. I've been in this league for a long time. She's one that's been real. She says what she has to say. I just think that sometimes we lose sight of the contributions that people give to their respective universities and programs, and also just our game in general, and, you know, she is probably the last part of Coach Summitt's legacy.

If you really look at her record, I know they have had some games that have slipped away over the past few years, but if you look at her overall record, two Elite 8s, she's won two or three SEC titles. I mean, I just feel like someone in our game, you have to respect what she's done for it. And I'm not -- you know, I'm not an administrator at Tennessee. I'm just someone who has been around women's basketball for a long time and I know success when I see it and certainly her resum, you can match up against the very best of our game as far as coaches.

Q. You had mentioned changing up defensively from the previous matchup with Baylor, but obviously their strength is kind of that front line and seems like not only as you mentioned, being healthier but just the development of some of the younger players. You guys have a Swiss Army knife of combinations of bigs you can kind of throw at them. Have you seen some different ways just looking at the film and looking at the development of your team down the stretch here to attack them and maybe just throw some stuff at them they didn't see last time?
COACH DAWN STALEY: Yeah, we're a team in which I think our players both the bigs and our -- and our perimeter players, they have a better understanding of how we need to play. I they are locked into our game plan. I do feel like we can do some things to get good shots.

Obviously if you take away the first quarter, you know, I think the game is, you know, pretty much not even, but you know, five-point discrepancy. So we've got to look at, you know what went right in that particular game and build on that.

But you know, I'm excited. You know, a lot of people, I mean, we have no pressure. The pressure -- and I know all coaches come up here and say the psychological thing, but we really don't have any pressure. They are the No. 1 team in the country. They have played extremely well all season long.

We're just trying to get it into a situation where we keep it close and put them in situations they very rarely have been familiar with this particular season. They are a tremendously good basketball team that have it going on both inside and outside. I mean, you know, we talk about their front line, but their guards are players who have anchored them some nights.

So they are well versed all the way around, but you know, we're going to play. We're going to give it our best shot and see where that lands us.

Q. How do you guys, for either of you guys, how do you think you guys are a different team now than perhaps at the beginning of the year when you played Baylor?
ALEXIS JENNINGS: I would just say, you know, we're more confident and everybody is coming into their roles. They understand their roles now, and you know, we have an emphasis of competing now, and that's been the main focus for, you know, most of the tournament right now. You know, we're just coming into our own. Our chemistry is flowing. Everybody understands, and when everybody is on the same page, I feel like we can be unstoppable.

TYASHA HARRIS: Just to piggyback off what she said, we're just finally yelling together and we know what we like to do for each other. We had to overcome injuries early on this season, too, and I think everybody's back fully healthy. It's going to be an exciting game.

Q. In the first go-around with Baylor, you guys had some difficulty with that front line. What have you discussed as, I mean, without giving away company secrets or whatever, but what have y'all discussed in terms of like, okay, we're healthier and some of the younger bigs have more experience now; have you looked at things you can do differently?
ALEXIS JENNINGS: Yeah, I think our emphasis is just to be physical with them. You know, it's going to be a very physical game and we feel like as long as we go out there and compete, you know, like you said, everybody is healthy now. I feel like we're in a better position to give them our best shot.

Q. Asked Coach the same thing, when Baylor beat you earlier, you were 4-4 and then you won 13 of the next 14. What's the big reason for that, besides just saying -- being healthy?
TYASHA HARRIS: Can you repeat it?

Q. What's the difference from the start of the season and the last 14 games when you were on a roll.
TYASHA HARRIS: Just to reflect on what we just said, just yelling. We emphasize a lot off the court just being around each other a lot, and having a lot of team activities just to get to know each other deeper.

I think on a deeper level, just knowing each other deeper, we trust each other more and we have more confidence going on to the court. I feel like people knew that we had each other back and we had a bigger purpose, not just basketball. Just having a sisterhood of all things and I think that helped us as the season went on.

Q. Did Baylor do anything to surprise you in that first meeting?
TYASHA HARRIS: I don't think they did anything to surprise us, really. I think it was just more of us just not being ready and just not -- not having a full team there yet, but I don't think nothing really surprised us. No.

ALEXIS JENNINGS: I would just say the same thing she said. I mean, nothing surprised us. They are a very good Baylor team, and I mean, I would just base it solely off of us not being completely healthy. You know, when everyone's not healthy, we're not able to play to our strengths necessarily, you know.

Q. Alexis, you guys play a lot of players, Baylor has potential to play a lot of players. How will depth shape the game tomorrow?
ALEXIS JENNINGS: I think depth will be a very key component to the game. You know, just the fact that we have more players who can come in and come out and exchange. You know, maybe we'll be able to play a lot of people. We know they are going to be ready, so I think that's just good.

We've been playing a lot of people throughout the entire season, so they won't shy away from this moment because this is a big moment and I feel like everybody is prepared for it.

Q. In the first meeting, you guys said you were going to be physical and pack the paint. Juicy hit a three really early in that, like ten, 15 seconds in and they had some success from the perimeter. Did that make you kind of change the way you were playing or how big a factor was that in that big first quarter, because it was pretty even, second, third and fourth quarter.
TYASHA HARRIS: Yeah, we talk a lot about like the front court and I think their backcourt is just as important.

So this matchup now, we are focusing on both sides. We know their guards can contribute just as much as their post play. It's just getting the other people who don't really score that much to score more.

ALEXIS JENNINGS: Just to piggyback off of Ty, allowing ourselves to put complete and total pressure out there, we understand that everybody out there is going to be a threat. I just feel like our pressure needs somebody similar to Belmont and the Florida State game, as well. As long as we apply a lot of pressure, I feel like we can be able to disrupt them.

TYASHA HARRIS: And like you said, putting four quarters together.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Alexis, can you talk about the inside matchup, and I guess with Kalani and Lauren, how difficult that is containing them?
ALEXIS JENNINGS: It was pretty difficult, you know, we're giving up a lot of height advantage with them, but I feel like we did the best that we could. Yeah, that's pretty much it.

Q. With all the things about Baylor that you have to defend, when Didi Richards has a night like she had tonight, does it make it that much harder to contain them?
COACH DAWN STALEY: Yeah, their guards are solid. Obviously, if given the opportunity, you know, they take advantage of the opportunities that they have. I thought we just got our defense off-balance a little bit, especially when we took some shots and it allowed Didi to get out and get some transition buckets that were uncontested.

Q. You obviously know what a National Championship team looks like. What does Baylor look like to you right now?
COACH DAWN STALEY: Baylor has all the key ingredients to be a national champion. They have size, they have athleticism. They have an ability to beat you at a lot of difference places. You definitely have to game plan for them and you have to adjust to their style of play.

You know, their load; we had post players that were, you know, not as big, but as imposing, and that led us to a National Championship, although they didn't play in the same game. Just the day-to-day beat-down that we imposed on other teams was a great thing to experience, and not so much when you're on the other side of it.

Q. Y'all had dug a big hole and got back to within 14, 15, and then I think Baylor reeled off -- were you feeling like you were back in it at that point? You had gotten it back down to 15, 16 points?
COACH DAWN STALEY: I thought we had some momentum, and then we -- I think we missed a free throw that could have got us down to 15.

Here's the bottom line that we didn't really harp on as a staff, and you don't want to put that much pressure on your young team in that only maybe three players have experience being in the Sweet 16.

Actually being in the Sweet 16, three or four players, and the roles that some of the ones that didn't -- wasn't a part of those Sweet 16s, and those Elite 8s and those Final Fours, this is their first time to ask them to perform at a high level against a National Championship contender team, you know, was a bit much. But we didn't want to mention that, but when you actually have to decompress and look at it, it's hard for them to have to be able to do that at this level.

So I'm pretty encouraged by the returning players and pretty encouraged by some of the future players coming into our program that we'll have enough experience if we're able to get back to this level of basketball.

Q. Looking back on this season with all of the newness that you mentioned so much, what are some of the other buzzwords that will describe this season once you wrap everything up?
COACH DAWN STALEY: I think we achieved the potential of this team. I don't think we lacked the potential. I thought getting to the second weekend of this tournament would be, you know, a real goal for us. I didn't say that out loud, obviously, but I thought it was a real goal, attainable goal, to reach for.

Obviously we wanted to end it somewhere else, like Tampa, but we just didn't have enough. When you look at, you know, what was on our roster, you look at the inexperience of players who had to make an impact for us consistently, the depth of our rosters, the injuries at the beginning of the season, it was just hard to build that chemistry.

Once we got healthy, I thought we could get to this game; and if we got to this game, we had to play almost perfect basketball to advance.

Q. And also, you will have some experienced players, some seniors like Cooper and Harrigan and Harris next year. Are those automatically your leaders next year?
COACH DAWN STALEY: They make their debut today, right now. This is it; this is it for them. They are seniors, and they have one more year to perform for us; so they are auditioning for who is going to be the leader of our team in this next year.

Q. Can you speak to your rivalry with Kim, two great point guards now leading two great programs?
COACH DAWN STALEY: Well, the rivalry is lopsided. We're 0-2.

But I think Kim's done a great job at making a huge transition, and I know she's been doing this for a very long time, from being a great point guard to a great coach, a National Championship coach.

You know, I think we give hope to some other, current players, and other former players; that it can get done, as far as being successful in the coaching ranks, and impacting young people's lives on a daily basis is something that I guess we have been impacted by the coaches and the mentors that have been in our lives at a young age; that it allows us to have some success, while returning a favor to some young people.

Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Didi, you scored a lot of those on back-door cuts. Was that a specific game plan or something that happened?
DIDI RICHARDS: That's something that's going to happen if they to continue to double-team our posts. I'm just thankful that they are able to find me back-side.

Q. What's it like putting up a quiet 18-and-10 while Lauren and Didi were going bonkers?
KALANI BROWN: It was great. I was scoring, but I was also passing and able to find my teammates, and when everybody's scoring, I'm happy. If I can take a silent 18-and-10, that's fine.

Q. How important was it to get up on them and not let them hang around?
LAUREN COX: It was important just because they are capable of just going on some runs, because they are really quick in transition. They can knock down some threes like they did late.

So just to get up like that and keep that lead was pretty important for us.

Q. Going up against Megan Gustafson, Player of the Year, what are your thoughts going into that matchup?
KALANI BROWN: I've played against a lot of great post players so she will be another one that's going to challenge me. We're both lefties, and kind of seeing her play, we're kind of alike. That should be interesting. I'm excited to play.

Q. You had a sweet behind-the-back pass to Didi. Talk about that play and just seeing her points escalate today.
DIDI RICHARDS: I was really upset about that pass, by the way, if anybody wanted to know.

KALANI BROWN: Oh, please. You were open.

She was open, okay. It was a little flashy, I ain't going to lie. I might have did that on purpose.

But, I don't know, I was able to find Didi a lot, and it was just working, so I was trying to get it there. I was trying to be fancy, but you know, she caught it, scored it, made me look good. It's all about making your teammate look good, so thank you, Didi.

Q. How are you handling the pressure in terms of getting to the Final Four?
DIDI RICHARDS: I wouldn't say pressure, unless it's on pressure on our ourselves. I wouldn't say we feel pressure from everybody else. I would just say we play our game. We go out there and we're just being ourselves. We're just happy to get to, the Elite 8 at least, and make it to the Final Four eventually.

Q. They cut it to 16 there in the third quarter and they scored a lot of points in that third quarter, but you guys responded, I think Kalani hit a bucket and then you hit a couple layups. How important is it when they are on that run for you guys to respond?
DIDI RICHARDS: The game of basketball is a game full of runs. We really just need to learn -- well, we handled it well because we didn't get into ourselves when we they went on that run.

I think we handled it well by looking at each other and just calming down. You know, if you look at your teammate, and like Lauren is like, "Didi, you got it. Calm down."

Or Kalani is like, "Didi, we got this." Am I'm like, Okay, and I feel all right and I just pass the message on to Juicy or Chloe. So I think we really have each other and like a little hook-circle, a tight little circle.

Q. I know it's part of the offense, but was that a game plan going in to use Didi that much or did that just happen?
COACH KIM MULKEY: That's happened all year. I think they just read each other. They watch -- particularly Didi, because people don't think he's going to be an offensive threat, so she reads what her defender does, and then she knows where to cut and when to cut and they just have that connection. That's from playing a lot of games together.

So no, it wasn't like we just went in and said you're going to this, this -- she's been doing that all year.

Q. Another game plan question. You guys threw it over the top of their defense a lot in pushing the ball in transition. Is that something that you saw that you could do against them?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Yes. You try to prepare for everything, and I read a lot of things and try to figure out what it is that we may see that we didn't see last time, and I think Coach Staley was trying to say that fast versus big. So we're pretty fast, too. We're not just a bunch of slugs running the floor with two big girls.

Those kids can get up and down the floor and our guards are going to push it and we're going to wait a step or two for them to run foul line to foul line. So I was just looking at that. You know, our transition buckets were like 25-9, and so we're going to run. We're not walking the ball up the floor. I thought that was big.

I thought the second thing they might try to do is shoot more threes because we have seen that against us this year. If we could hold them or limit them to a few number of threes, because that's not really their game. Their game is to drive.

Well, we know when you drive, what you're going to see. There's going to be two bigs waiting for you and we needed to help the helper. We got beat on that two or three times; that, we did go over, and didn't do a very good job.

But I thought we ran with them. We got the transition buckets and we didn't allow them to get a lot of transition buckets or threes.

Q. They made a run in the third quarter and got it to 16, and you guys responded. How important was it for you to not let them not keep cutting into that lead?
COACH KIM MULKEY: They got to the foul line and we were hacking and trying to block shots. They got into the paint and they were dribble-penetrating and trying to make some exciting things happen for themselves.

And then they started pressing us a little bit more with a little bit more force, or should I say energy, in the third quarter. You're down 26, so you gamble and you just try to make things happen.

And there were times we didn't handle it well, but then we would score. I thought we did fine. I wish that, you know, I could have given Chloe, not anybody else, but Chloe a little bit more of a breather, but Chloe, this is as far as she's ever been in the playoffs and that's what I told her. I told her, "I know you're tired but you're fixing to get to play in an Elite 8 game, can you go a few more minutes?"

And she said, "Yeah, Coach, I got this."

Q. Is that when you were head-to-head with her? Is that what you told her at that point?
COACH KIM MULKEY: That was some of what I told her but I can't remember other things. But yes, she was tired. She was hurting. On the defensive end, she couldn't even close out one time on a three-point shooter because she knew as soon as they scored, she was going to have to get ready to break a press, and usually Juicy can relieve her a little bit but I took Juicy out early. She had gotten stripped there one time.

But I thought inside, one-on-one, it's been a long time since we've seen one-on-one coverage on the post. Yes, Didi scored a lot on it, but when we were cutting and scoring, they got out of it, so we were able to isolate Kalani a lot and Cox down there.

I thought Cox was so valuable to us in the middle of the press. Sometimes she thinks she's a guard and you have to tell her, pick your dribble up, they are coming from behind; give the ball to a point guard, but she'll take off, and like I told you, she can play any position on the score. She was scoring at the end of the press.

Q. And then same question I asked Lauren. How important was it to kind of throw a haymaker and get up 20 on them and not let them hang around?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Well, I don't know if we just throw a haymaker. It's hard. Listen, we're on a roll and that's what it takes in the playoffs. You need to get on a roll, you need to stay healthy and have a little bit of luck.

These kids are focused. These kids, I mean, they have never wavered in how they approach a basketball game. They are funny. They are talented. Elite 8 Monday.

Q. Certainly there's lots on your mind preparing for this game, but can you reflect at all, having two women coach former point guards at this level, having very, very solid programs?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Was Bluder a point guard? Oh, sorry, you're talking about today's game?

Look, I'm not in her league. That child -- I call her a child because I coached when she was playing. I was at Louisiana Tech. Dawn Staley, she's a competitor. I watched her when she won her National Championship. I watched her interview and in her moment of just pure enjoyment and excitement, she was still challenging her players.

I particularly remember Cuevas-Moore, she wanted to transfer out and all those people in New York were trying to get her to leave, and she had basically won the National Championship for them and I just told her, "Don't ever change who you are. That's what makes you great."

She's got a great recruiting class coming in, and Dawn Staley is just a tremendous, tremendous ambassador for the sport. She was a great player for Debbie Ryan at Virginia, and she's doing great things at South Carolina.

Thank you.

Q. Megan, it was fun for us to watch the matchup of the centers. What was it like out there with Cunane?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: It was definitely a really good battle. You know, she's a really great center, and she has got a great career ahead of her. We were both working hard down there.

Whenever I saw her along with another teammate doubling it, I was able to hit my guards and they were able to hit after that, so after that I was able to get a little bit open inside and I have to credit my teammates for hitting those shots.

Q. For both of you. Can you talk about the benefit and kind of luxury of having such a veteran team and all the seniors in your starting lineup. You looked in sync out there, all of you. Is it as in sync as it looks?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, it's crucial to have those leaders and veteran players that have been in these kind of situations. We had that postseason run at the Big Ten Championship. And just getting that experience is so important, especially when there's games like this where we're battling for our careers, and it's important to have that calm presence, that experience on the court.

HANNAH STEWART: Yeah, we just know each other. You know, we know what each of the guards's strengths are and I think the guards know us really well and we know each other really well. I know where Megan wants the ball on the high-low, and I know even if I don't hit her there, she's going to catch it most of the time.

So yeah, I think just having that experience together is a huge advantage.

Q. If you do face off against Kalani and Cox, what are your thoughts about that matchup?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, I think everyone in the country would look forward to that matchup, especially because they have got a couple of great post players and Hannah have been working extremely hard over the course of our fours year. We're just going to go into it, doesn't matter who we play. We're going to play our hearts out, that's for sure.

Q. They cut it to five in the middle of the third quarter; how important was it to get your lead back to double-digits?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: It was really important. They were closing in. They had a little bit of a run, but I think it was Lexi who hit a really big three in the corner and that gave us momentum.

You know, we love being able to just share the ball and get a great shot instead of a good shot and that's what we did. You know, honestly we just love playing with each other. We feed off each other's energy and I think that's what kept us going.

Q. For both of you. When that run kind of got started for N.C. State they were getting out in transition it seemed like a lot faster and sort of you guys really limited them on that up until that point. Was there an adjustment that you made to stop them or was it just sort of an, all right, everybody get together, we are not putting the effort in, they are getting it leaking out on breaks now. Like how did you guys sort of stop that flow, because it looked like they were on the brink and then you shut it down.
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, so at that point we knew that they were going on a little bit of a run and exactly what you said. We needed to just get back to defensively; they were running on us a little bit and they were kind of doing what we do.

So we kind of recognized that and we kind of came together as a team collectively and just thought we need to bring our intensity back and thankfully we were able to do that.

HANNAH STEWART: Yeah, when that happens, a lot of times we just come together as a team. We know basketball is a game of runs. We know that, you know, N.C. State is going to try their hardest to fight back just like any team will, and when there was a time-out after that happened, we're like, okay, they had their run and now it's time for us to go back to work again. A lot of their fastbreaks were from our turnovers, so we just tried to cut those down, too.

Q. I'll ask you the same question I asked Megan. It was fun for to us watch the matchup of these centers. What was it like from your seat on the bench?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, when you have two post that is good going at each other, you know, it's a battle down there and it's fun to watch.

I think we were fortunate we were able to pick up a couple fouls on her and it put her on the bench for a little bit. She played 32 minutes instead of 38 minutes, which is to our benefit. And also, when you pick up those fouls, it makes you a little bit more timid.

I think that, you know, Megan said it the best. She's going to be a great player. There's no doubt, she's one of the best coming up in the country as far as posts.

Q. Going off that, same question I had, too. If you do, in fact, go forward and it is Kalani and Lauren that you're facing tomorrow, what are your thoughts on that? Does that -- obviously that would be a big story, be really exciting I think for a lot of people.
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, it would be exciting. Obviously Baylor is a tremendous team and that's a big part of their game, like it's a big part of our game, so I think it would be a really fun matchup to see. Who knows what's going to happen out there right now, but no matter what it is, I know that Hannah and Megan are going to be stepping up for the challenge.

Q. The program's headed back to its first Elite 8 since '93, and this is sort of -- especially making the Sweet 16 a couple of years back, how much are you aware of sort of the fact that you're building something that's kind of returning this program to what it was under Vivian Stringer, and does that play a role or have like a meaning for you that you've taken them back to someplace that they had not been since she left?
COACH LISA BLUDER: You know, that's the goal, right, is you always want to take your program as high as you can and make it as good as you can, and this certainly was a step for us.

You know, we had not as a coaching staff been to an Elite 8, so it was really important to us, and it was important to our players. We also, I think it's the first team that's ever had 29 wins in a season since that year, as well. At one point in that year, they also went to the Final Four.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Megan, going up against a couple pretty good bigs tomorrow. How much have you seen them on film this year? Is there one thing in particular that sticks out to you about how good they can be?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, to be honest, I'm not super familiar with them just because they aren't in our conference and during our season, we're focused on our opponents in conference play and stuff. But obviously we've heard of them. They have a great couple post players, and I would just say their level of physicality. They have a couple inches on me and Hannah, so we've just got to be ready for that physical play.

Q. When you first found out you were going to be in Baylor's regional, what you were thinking and how much y'all were looking forward to the challenge or was it a different mindset?
HANNAH STEWART: Yeah, when the bracket came out, we were mostly focused on Mercer and just taking it one game at a time. I don't know how much we even noticed that we were in Baylor's bracket.

We're really excited about it. I think we match up well against them. We know they are obviously the overall No. 1 seed, but I'm really happy that we're in their bracket, and I think it's going to be a challenge but I think we're all ready for it.

Q. You guys did a really great job yesterday sort of messing with their passing lanes and disrupting their offense, in particular, you swiped that one just outside the arc and just burned to the other end of the court. What have you seen from Baylor that you think you might be able to attack, as far as their perimeter play defensively and messing with their flow like you did yesterday?
KATHLEEN DOYLE: Yeah, they definitely have a great group of guards that we're going to have to try to disrupt offensively. All we can do is try to make their life as hard as possible, so it's all about trying to bring that defensive intensity, and we're going to try to bring that again tomorrow night.

Q. Can you compare Baylor with anyone else that you've already played this year? Have you thought about that -- Megan, you can answer that. I see you nodding.
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: I see a little bit of similarities, thinking about Nebraska or Maryland. I think they have got a couple good bigs inside, both of those teams we played against but at the same time they have some shooters and some really good drivers, so I see some similarities, for sure.

TANIA DAVIS: For guards, you can compare it to a Maryland or a Rutgers. They are in your (indiscernible) defensively, so we're going to have to be strong with the ball. Like I said, we played Maryland and we played Rutgers, so we feel like we have -- we're pretty much prepared for it.

Q. For all of you, or whoever wants to take it, but Greensboro is not that far from Raleigh. There was a lot of talk about N.C. State maybe having a built-in home-court advantage, but your fans were loud yesterday. What does it mean to have that support in getting this far, and for people to have come so far to support you and cheer for you?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: You know, we love our Hawk fans. They are some of the best fans in the country. I believe that 100 percent. I'm not surprised that they traveled to be honest. You know, other people might be surprised, but you know, our fans are so passionate about us, and we're so thankful that we have these fans. They are loud.

You know, a lot of my family members are there. They are very loud. I know that a lot of our -- my teammates families are there, too, so it's just really special to have so many fans behind us.

HANNAH STEWART: It's awesome to see our friends and family. We all have lots of friends and family here, but there are some people that we've never met that are walking around our hotel and telling us "Go Hawks" and that kind of thing, which shows us how awesome and loyal our fan base is. We're so thankful for them.

Q. How tough is it sitting and waiting for a 6 o'clock game tomorrow?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, I mean, obviously it would be nice to just play right now. I'd do it right now.

But at the same time, it's nice to give our bodies a little rest, and you know, especially because we're playing two games in three days, and so I think the rest is important, but at the same time, I would like to play right now.

TANIA DAVIS: I've been saying it all tournament. The one-day prep, I think it's been beneficial for us. It allows us to stay locked in and mission-focused and doesn't allow us to deviate or think about other things.

So I feel like the one-day prep is always good for us. It allows us to go over our scout a little bit more and clean up the little details that we need to.

KATHLEEN DOYLE: I mean, it's definitely a hard to wait for the game. You're just so excited to play, and yeah, it's just quite the build-up, but it's always exciting when we finally get to go out there and play.

MAKENZIE MEYER: Yeah, like the others have said, we're all just really excited to get back out on the court, but it is really beneficial for our bodies to get some time to rest and recover, and we're just looking forward to the opportunity.

HANNAH STEWART: Yeah, we're ready for that game. We're excited to play, but we're in the Elite 8 and we're happy about that and excited about that and we're kind of soaking that all in, too.

So yeah, we're looking ahead to Baylor and going to play that game, really excited. But we're also enjoying the moments we have together right now here in Greensboro.

Q. How do you counter their heighth advantage and size? What strengths do you feel could be to your advantage?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, obviously they have a couple inches on us and we just have to be ready for that. They are going to have a really good physical level, and we have to use our own physical strengths. Especially we've got to focus on our footwork, too, inside, especially if we're going to use ball fakes, or whatever it is. Footwork is going to be important.

HANNAH STEWART: Yeah, they are really tall. They are really big. But I think Megan and I have a lot of chemistry, as I'm sure they do, but I think if we make the right reads off each other like we've been doing all year, we'll be all right.

Q. You touched on it, Iowa being in the Elite 8 is already a pretty good accomplishment. That being said what would a win against Baylor mean to this program?
HANNAH STEWART: Yeah, I think it would just be awesome to keep putting the University of Iowa on the map and showing people who we are and what we can do.

Utmost respect for Baylor. They are an awesome, great team, but it would be really cool to knock off the overall 1-seed. We've all got our sights on it and we're all focused on that game and ready to do that but we're just going to go out there and play basketball the best that we know how and hopefully come out with the win.

Yeah, it would obviously mean a lot. We want to keep going and we want to keep playing and we want to get this team and our coaches to the Final Four.

COACH LISA BLUDER: We're thrilled to be playing in April. Obviously we know Baylor is the heavy favorite, but hey, it's April Fool's Day tomorrow, right. We're just going to go after it and do our best.

Again, we know we have things stacked against us, but it only takes once. It only takes once, and maybe that once will be tomorrow. I know my team won't back down to anybody. We know and respect Baylor. But we're ready to play.

Q. Can you talk about the matchups between your squad and the Baylor Lady Bears?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, I think everybody likes the inside matchup. I think that's what people are probably referring to the most.

You know, not very many times do teams have two bigs anymore. It's kind of unusual. It's hard sometimes to have one good big on a team, and I think both of these teams have two good bigs.

So I think we're both kind of unique in that situation. Certainly Lauren and Kalani are terrific post players. You know, I think I've got two terrific post players. I think it's going to be a great matchup. We have to keep them off the boards. They do a great job of rebounding.

I just -- you know, they have a little bit more height than we do. We're not going to grow between now and tomorrow, so we're going to go to battle with what we have.

Q. Some of the Baylor players, when they were asked who they thought was the most underrated player on their team, they said Didi Richards because she's such a good defender. Who on your team do you think would draw that assignment in terms of having to face Didi as a defender?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Who is going to defend Didi?

Oh -- who are they going to have Didi defend.

Well, if Kim wants to share her scouting report, I'd be glad to look at that. You know, I have no idea. I mean, I'm not going to ever assume what another coach is going to do or anything like that. I don't think that would be very wise.

But you know, there's three choices. I would imagine she's either going to be guarding Makenzie or Kathleen. I mean, I don't have any idea what she plans to do.

Q. Who do you think is the most underrated player on your team?
COACH LISA BLUDER: I think they are all terrific. So really, they all -- because they are all unique and they all bring something different.

Yeah, Megan scores the most points, but I'm not taking away anything that any one of the other players do. They all have their role.

I really don't like comparing players. I have three children, and I don't tell you which one of my children are the most valuable. I think they are all valuable, and I think it's the same thing with my team.

Q. Already making it though this point is pretty good for you, but getting past Baylor would mean even more. How much are you telling your players to not just be satisfied with where you are now, and to keep going after it and beat Baylor?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, I don't have to talk about that with them. I mean, it's every kid's dream to play in the Final Four, right. I mean, we are 40 minutes away from every kid's dream. If you're a basketball player, you want to play in the Final Four.

I don't have to worry about them being hungry at this point.

Q. I think you might have addressed this in the very first press conference, but some of us weren't here. Can you tell us a little, what makes Megan so special?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, you know, statistically, those are obvious. Anybody can look at a stat sheet and see that.

But what makes Megan so special is, you know, her desire to work to be the best that she can be. Her work ethic is second to none. She's not just the first person in the gym and the last person in the gym. It's what she does when she's in the gym. You know, I've seen a lot of kids come into the gym early, and they don't get half the workout of what she does in about three to five minutes.

It's what she does with her minutes that she's in the gym, too. She's always in a 100 percent gear. I've never known a player that doesn't take possessions off, sometime. She never takes a possession off. It will be the day before a game, and we'll be going against our gray squad and she's diving on the floor for a loose ball. I mean, she just does not take possessions off.

When you have that type of mentality, it allows you to go hard in games all the time, even when you're up, even when you're tired, even when you're down, when you're fresh, it doesn't matter. She's just trained herself to go that speed all the time.

And then she's just an exceptional teammate. She's kind. She gives credit to her teammates. She's humble. She's an All-American with absolutely no ego. I don't want people to get that confused with confidence because she's confident, but she doesn't have an ego. She doesn't have to prove it to anybody. She knows how good she is, and she doesn't have to say it. She believes it and her teammates believe it.

She's just a great teammate, too. And she's a great student, double business major.

Q. What about Megan allows her to be successful against taller players like she's going to face tomorrow night?
COACH LISA BLUDER: You know, I mean, she hasn't gone against that many players that are 6-7. I mean, that's a real challenge, and we know that.

I think what allows her to be successful is she does run the floor well. She's got great footwork. She's got wonderful hands.

Her shot is very, very quick. She doesn't -- she's got some great ball fakes and up-and-unders and things like that that she can try to get you off the ground with. She's got a nice hook-shot. Hook-shots are really hard to defend because you're standing away from the defender. I think that she's found ways to shoot over bigger people because she does it almost all the time -- now, not 6-7, but almost all year, she's the undersized post.

Q. You showed tremendous toughness yesterday; that toughness factor, that's probably going to be a huge part tomorrow, as well.
COACH LISA BLUDER: I think you're right. I think you have to be physically and mentally strong to play against a team as good as Baylor. I mean, what we had yesterday, North Carolina State made their run coming out of halftime. We called a time-out and we just talk about momentum shifts, and there's always shifts of momentum during a game.

When you have the one riding for yourself, ride it as long as you can. And understanding that it is a momentum shift; let's stop it. Let's not panic but let's stop it. But yeah, I think with Baylor you do have to be mentally and physically strong.

Q. As you said, most people are kind of focusing on the matchups down low, but your perimeter players did an incredible job yesterday of disrupting N.C. State's offense early in possessions and limiting them in transition. How do you see them replicating or changing what they were doing versus Baylor who have a little bit of a different makeup personnel-wise?
COACH LISA BLUDER: You know, we're not going to -- we can't reinvent the wheel in 24 hours. I mean, we're not going to change our style. We're not going to change up what we do.

We have to do, you know, what we've been working on since June. You alter little things for every team, but you certainly are not going to change what, you know, your style of play or your personnel or anything like that.

So you know, yeah, we'd like to get out. I mean, geez, Juicy is shooting the ball extremely well. Chloe, just a tremendous athlete. Didi is a great defensively player, and a tremendous rebounder.

So it's knowing personally at this point in my opinion and I think our team is really smart and they do a lot of those things really well.

Q. So yesterday, your team shot from over 54 percent from the floor, and Baylor in over 30 games hasn't let an opponent shoot over 50. What's your plan to move the offense tomorrow and keep it rolling?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, everybody talks about Baylor's offense inside and everything. Their defense is remarkable. I mean, what they are holding people to, I mean, that's absolutely incredible. Again we are not going to change anything. We have to do what we do and do it best.

You saw it yesterday. We have to have other people step up. It can't just be our inside players, and I thought yesterday we had good balance. And so I think we're going to have to really rely on that balance tomorrow because they do such a great job defensively, as well.

Q. You kind of talked about Baylor's other three. In a game where so much of the talk is about the inside, how important is to maybe not let one of the other players beat you, like Didi Richards scoring 25?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, I think you're right. It would be a bad thing if you contain those big players and then all of a sudden one of their guards just lights it up on you that hasn't really done that all year long.

But you kind of have to play odds, too. You know, I think coaches are kind of statisticians and you look at percentages and you play percentages, and I think you have to, especially against a team as good as Baylor. You're not going to play everybody the same, because you have to put your defense where they have done the best offensively.

And so you hope that doesn't happen but it certainly could, and you know, I'm hoping a couple of my players have that kind of output offensively, as well.

Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Obviously you and Megan are Lisa Leslie Award finalists. A lot's going to be made of that matchup. Is it over hyped or is it important as all the hype is going to make it out to be?
KALANI BROWN: I think it's a little of both to be honest. It's just going to be two great post players playing a game.

Q. Chloe, your first time this deep in the tournament. What's the experience like and how does it feel to be this close to your first Final Four?
CHLOE JACKSON: It feels great. It's a blessing to be here, and just trying to go out and play the hardest we can, and hopefully we get to a final four, which will be amazing.

Q. I think the first time I heard you mention Tampa specifically this season was during the Big 12 Championship celebration. Now that you're one game away, what's the mood of the team like?
DIDI RICHARDS: I think we're excited and ready to go there. So the quicker we get there, the better. Get the game started and get the win and get to Tampa.

Q. They have another pretty good post player inside or another good inside player. Can you talk about the matchup and could you be on Gustafson, as well?
LAUREN COX: Yeah, I think it's going to take both of us to stop her. She's a good post player. They have a good duo inside with Stewart and her. They run kind of some of the same stuff we do with the lob plays and kind of like our main offense look, we call it Baylor, but just like that high-low passing. So I think it will be a good matchup.

Q. What's it like the day before the long wait? Is that the hardest part? Waiting throughout the day and then tomorrow, and how do you handle the downtime?
KALANI BROWN: Yeah, waiting is the hardest part because you're so anxious to get out there and you're so anxious to play. But you know, we just do what we normally do in a normal routine. It's best not to change anything.

CHLOE JACKSON: I would say I'm pretty relaxed. Just kind of rest your legs all day. Just get mentally prepared. Never think too hard on it. Just kind of wait around for game time.

Q. Can you talk about some of the challenges you anticipate going up against Megan?
KALANI BROWN: Well, with my lack of mobility, maybe her trying to get around me will be the biggest issue. I'm just going to try to move my feet and stay with her. I mean, we're both lefties. We'll see.

Q. I remember one time during the game, Kim said something to you about be aggressive. Do you need to come out and maybe try to come out firing it, I guess?
JUICY LANDRUM: Definitely, I think I definitely do need to come out and be more aggressive. But when she pulled me to the sideline and told me to be more aggressive, that's my motivation from her.

Q. Can you talk about the style of play you expect from Iowa that maybe different from what you saw yesterday?
LAUREN COX: I think they are going to shoot a lot more threes than South Carolina did. South Carolina is quicker than they are and they like to get out in transition. Not to say that Iowa won't get out in transition, but I think they will try shoot more threes and establish their post presence early.

KALANI BROWN: They are going to try to get to their high-low game. I know their posts are a vital asset to their offense, so I don't think they are going to try and change anything as far as that goes.

Q. You've mentioned how unfiltered Coach Mulkey is it and you obviously sometimes are, as well. Can you try to explain the team and how they fight and play for her because of how she fights and plays for you?
DIDI RICHARDS: I kind of feel like if you have a coach that you know that has your back, you're going to have her back no matter what, and I feel like our team, and our chemistry is something that, you know, is shown because of how much we have each other's back, I guess.

Q. Didi obviously went off big-time yesterday. Just curious which one of y'all is going to go off big tomorrow, who's feeling it? Whichever thinks you're going to have a hot hand.
JUICY LANDRUM: All five of us.

KALANI BROWN: We're all big-time, come on.

DIDI RICHARDS: We all are.

(All five players chiming in simultaneously)

KALANI BROWN: I said everybody. I said all five have a hot hand.

LAUREN COX: I think that's what sets us apart from some people you is never know who is going to go off. Didi, people play off of her because they don't think she has an offensive game. She proved that last night. She had 25 points, a new career-high. So it can be any one of us.

Q. I don't believe you've fouled out this year. How big is that to keep you guys on the floor, and how much of that plays into the freshmen being able to spell y'all some?
KALANI BROWN: It does play a key role. We just have to play smart. Keep our hands straight up and not foul. You know, with our size, we can alter a lot of shots, so us being on the floor is very important.

LAUREN COX: I agree with Kalani, and like you said, the freshmen can come in and relieve us when they get tired. They don't miss a beat when they come in.

Q. I'm sure there will be a lot made of the Kalani / Megan Gustafson matchup, both being Lisa Leslie Award finalists. Is that over-hyped or is that a pretty critical part of the game tomorrow?
COACH KIM MULKEY: I don't know why it's over-hyped or even a discussion. She's a national Player of the Year. We've got our hands full.

Q. Just the matchup itself and style of play from Iowa, what do you see from them?
COACH KIM MULKEY: I see that everything they do offensively goes through Gustafson, and she is a tremendous player. And if you try to go down there and double her or help, she has perimeter players that shoot the 3-ball that you can't leave them open. While she's the best player in the country according to ESPN, she isn't doing it by herself. She has plenty of help around her.

Q. You just mentioned there their perimeter players. Is there a matchup in particular outside of paint that you are keying on or that you really want to emphasize winning that battle defensively?
COACH KIM MULKEY: No. They are too good. Too balanced to focus on one particular player. I think it's the same way with Gustafson. You know, everybody talks about her but that team is not a one-person show. And they all play well together. They complement each other well. So there's not just one, if-you-stop-this-one-you're-going-to-win-the-ballgame. They are too good.

Q. Played Iowa in the Sweet 16 four years ago and handled them pretty easily. Is this a better team you're facing tomorrow?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Now, I can't remember yesterday. Now, how are you going to get me to remember four years ago? I can't remember that. I can't remember my team from four years ago.

Q. Kalani seemed tongue-in-cheek when she talks about her lack of mobility. How has she improved in that over the years?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Well, tell me who you're with -- where are you from?

Q. Excuse me?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Identify yourself.

Q. David Newton. ESPN.com.
COACH KIM MULKEY: Well, David, you wrote that she plays small at times, I think. So she hasn't shrunk. She's still 6-7. I don't know what you mean by mobility. She's not a perimeter player. Gustafson is not a perimeter player. Kalani had to guard Anigwe who averaged a double-double for Cal who was on pace to have tons of double-doubles. That kid's pretty athletic. Kalani guarded her. So I'm not sure where this mobility problem people keep bringing up comes from.

Foul-line-to-foul-line are where basketball games are won, and Kalani Brown at her size can run foul-line-to-foul-line in my opinion as well as any big girl in the game.

So I don't know about mobility. Maybe, you know, my idea of not being very mobile is different than your description of it, but I don't -- I don't see where that kid has a mobility problem. She shoots the perimeter shot as well as any big girl I've coached. She doesn't have to do it much, but she can shoot the perimeter shot. So she's not limited to just go plop on the board and wait for an offensive board and put-back.

I don't know. I've read that. I'm sure she's read that. Maybe that comes from her freshman year or something when we played Oregon State and she had to go way out and guard three-point shooters where they had post players that shot the three. Maybe that's where that's coming from, I don't know.

All I know is the kid's a special player and she has her hands full against what is y'all's opinion, the best player in the country, and she's pretty good. She averages a lot of points, a lot of rebounds. I just don't want Kalani to have nightmares all night.

Q. I remember at one point during the game, I don't remember if you pulled her to the side or if you actually just said it to her when she was out there, but you said something to Juicy about being aggressive. Do you need her to like maybe come out firing or be more aggressive with her shot?
COACH KIM MULKEY: No. Juicy's coming into this regional, Juicy is our leading scorer. I need Juicy just to be Juicy. Sometimes Juicy gets a little passive and quiet; instead of shooting the ball, she'll pass it, or instead of getting up in somebody defensively, sometimes she'll ball watch. That's all.

You know, she's been really, really tremendous for us this year.

Q. Do you have any gauge on your team's attitude and mood today on the cusp of such a big game tomorrow night?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Breakfast, I thought our morning devotion -- today's Sunday and we always do a morning devotion, was the same. I thought the film room was the same. You know, they are just happy kids. They are happy people. They just talk, chatty. Watch the film. Listen to the scouting report. I didn't -- I just -- same old bunch.

Q. I think this is your eighth trip to the Elite 8 in the last ten years. Iowa hasn't been to this level since '93. Is that an advantage?
COACH KIM MULKEY: No. No. I'm not going to pass or shoot. Those kids have to go out there on the floor and they have to do it, and it's an exciting time for all those kids on both teams, and it should be.

Q. Coach, is there any point in the tournament where you're watching other games and trying to figure out if you can take something from any other team and implement it into your game plan?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Not really. Each team has its own identity. To change something this late date, I don't think would be wise. You might see maybe a tendency of a team you're going to play that you may not have recognized on film that they are now doing and you might want to take that away defensively, or you might see a quick hitter or an in-bounds or something.

But pretty much everybody's identities are established at this point. I have always believed that if you try to change late in the game, you're making a team do something that is not who they are.

So I don't -- when I watch film of other teams, I don't sit there and go, gosh, we need to change and do that.

So no.

Q. When you have a late game the next day, because you played early yesterday, and then you don't play till late tomorrow. Is this day hard, or how do you keep it routine when you have such a long day just to wait?
COACH KIM MULKEY: I don't think this day is hard. Tomorrow may be harder because you're waiting and waiting and waiting, but I don't think today is hard. Today is needed to rest your bodies, to do some more film work.

Tomorrow, just sitting around, waiting all day, could be a little bit more difficult.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Now that you're there going to the Final Four, just your immediate thoughts after the game is over when you were celebrating?
KALANI BROWN: I don't know, I was just overwhelmed, excited, just happy. We were just hugging each other. I wasn't thinking about anything, honestly.

CHLOE JACKSON: I just felt extremely blessed. It was a surreal feeling. Just a lot of excitement.

Q. Just how much motivation was there going up inside against Megan Gustafson, and just tell me about your defensive effort, I think about 31 percent from the field they shot, and y'all rebounded them by a lot, also.
LAUREN COX: It was a team effort. Kalani obviously started on her and I was playing on her some, too. We just tried to limit her touches and do whatever she could. I mean, she's a good player. She's going to get her points, and we just couldn't let that second and third player go off for them.

KALANI BROWN: Piggybacking off what she said, Megan is real crafty with the ball. Very talented player.

We just took turns on her, you know, you guard her for a possession and I'll guard her for a possession, but she's a great player.

Q. Another really great game for you, if it hadn't been or Saturday, this would have been your highest-scoring game. Did you expect a weekend like this coming, and was this anything different that happened or did things just click?
DIDI RICHARDS: It's not something you expect, just something that kind of comes, I guess. But without my teammates I would not be able to do what I do, because without the -- without the attention they get in the inside, I wouldn't be so wide open under.

Q. They hit seven three-points the other day. They are a pretty good three-point shooting team. Talk about y'all's defense and how you were able to stay out there on them?
DIDI RICHARDS: You know, we're kind of known for our defense, I would say, so we didn't do anything different. We just stayed outside and guarded them like we normally guard because most teams shoot threes on us, so it's something we're used to, I would say.

CHLOE JACKSON: Yeah, piggybacking off of her, we just stuck to our defenses -- defensive play, and just played the same defense we always do. Yeah, we played against a lot of three-point shooting teams before, so it was nothing that we hadn't seen.

Q. You did a whole lot of things well in both games, and therefore, were the most outstanding player. Just your thoughts and were you especially active, did you feel like in the last two games?
LAUREN COX: I think I was pretty active, but I mean, I think I've been doing a little bit of everything throughout the season, and I mean, it could have been any one of us, MVP, and it's just a blessing and I'm just excited.

Q. For any player that wants it, you guys have won all four games in this tournament by 25 points each, average margin of victory, 38 points. What are you learning about yourselves with all those blowouts?
LAUREN COX: We're just learning that we're determined to make our Final goal, which we did, to make it to Tampa, and now win a National Championship. I think it says a lot about our defense and the way that we score the ball. We're getting up and we're not letting people get back into the game.

KALANI BROWN: Also that we have a lot of weapons, you know, not just coming from the paint but on the perimeter.

Didi shocked the world, so you know, and the depth of the bench, as well.

CHLOE JACKSON: I agree with LC, yeah.

Q. This was it for you. You have two more to go, maybe one or two more to go. Did you ever doubt you would enjoy this moment and was there frustration along the way? Does it make it more sweet that you get there now?
KALANI BROWN: Definitely frustration along the way, but it's all paid off for now. Finally check out the Final Four off my checklist.

Q. Kind of the same question I asked Kalani and Chloe, but how excited are you for those seniors to be going to the Final Four? You've been talking about it for a while now?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Certainly, you start with seniors. I am so happy for those seniors. I am so happy for those players, and I'm happy for Baylor University. I'm happy for Baylor University. Plaster that on the front page of every national newspaper. It doesn't get any more positive than this.

Q. As you're winning this game, the game is finishing, were there any thoughts to some of the players that came before them that maybe didn't make it?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Absolutely. What you want for every kid you coach, when they come there, they want to come to win championships. They want to come to win Big 12 championships, and we've won 20 of those.

But some of those great players missed out on a chance to go to at least one, and for that, as a coach, you always think about them. But I will always tell you this: They are a part of this. I think to that first group I coached in the very first NCAA Tournament, we were in Cameron indoor (ph) but we got there. We took a program that had won seven games prior to us getting there and we went to the NCAA Tournament. They are a part of every bit of this. That's what makes this special is because even though they physically may not have been able to get there themselves, truly, we're all a part of the program. They are all a part of it.

Q. Given the margin of victory y'all have enjoyed in every game so far this tournament, how do you go about preparing the team for a situation where they might have a little closer score a little late in the game in a more high-leverage situation?
COACH KIM MULKEY: First of all, you go against each other. I've got the No. 1 recruiting class in the country sitting over there not getting as many minutes as probably they would at other schools, so there's nothing greater than to watch them go every day against Kalani and Cox and the battles that are fought in that practice.

I think practice prepares you for the games. If you're your practices can be harder than games, then we're doing something right, and they get after it. They are as competitive against each other, but then when we go play games, they are pulling for each other. Our practices are intense.

The second thing I want to give credit to is our Dream Team. You have a bunch of guys at Baylor that volunteer and go through the entire NCAA certification process and they come out there and they help us prepare. This is for those guys, as well.

Q. That defense prevailed again tonight. Is that the core of your team, or was it tonight?
COACH KIM MULKEY: I liked your article and I agree with you. Texas Tech again get after you, too, defensively.

It has to be, Chad, because we don't know that we're going to score this many points every night. What we do know is we can defend you and we're going to give everything we have on the defensive end of the floor. That's the way I was taught and that's the way I believe, and all these high-octane offenses now, nobody wants to believe post game is effective any more; I do.

But I also go back to old school basketball, is that -- think about it. Nobody likes to be guarded for 40 minutes. It's work. It's hard. And that's why you look at a kid like Didi Richards, who is our defensive stopper, and what she sacrifices on the offensive end, you're seeing her be a big contributor for us.

So let me say this about Iowa -- I want to say Iowa State because they are in our league. But what a great year Iowa had. What a great player Gustafson is. Just classy. Their comments were classy all the last two days. They had a tremendous year.

And I've been in that locker room on the losing end, so my heart goes out to them, as well.

Any more questions?

Q. You said Didi has done this before, but she has not scored this many points before. Is it a matter of her being more aggressive or what clicked with her?
COACH KIM MULKEY: Well, transition for one thing. Offensive rebounding the second thing, and thirdly, she and those post players just have to going on right now that they find her.

Sometimes Cox and those guys will look for her too much because if you watch film on us, people tend to not guard her. They think she's the least offensive threat that we have, so instead of being a liability on the offensive end, we have helped her figure out how to be effective and not be a liability and not take her man and go double on the post as much as they were earlier in the season.

Q. I love your orange.
COACH KIM MULKEY: Thank you.

Q. The talk going in about was about the battle in the post. You scored 25 more points in the paint. Do you feel like you sent a message tonight?
COACH KIM MULKEY: I don't know that there's any message. This is who we are. Y'all just haven't seen us play in person. This is our basketball team. I have two of the greatest post players in the country, and they are so unselfish and wanted it to play together, and there's no message to be sent. I have said from day one, it's all about championships, and when I can recruit kids and parents who still believe in team first, and not stats, and we -- you know, those kids don't care. Kalani just wanted to get to a Final Four. You know, it's a joy to coach and be around kids and parents who honestly just want their kids to experience what it's all about and it's about championships, Final Fours and those types of things.

Lauren Cox, Most Outstanding Player. If you would have asked me, I couldn't take just one, usually I can pick just one Lauren Cox was the No. 1 player in the country coming out of high school -- Notre Dame and more. And the thing that is so impressive about Lauren Cox is we had like four or five post players that she had to come in and play with as a freshman. But it didn't scare her. It didn't scare her. I mean, we had Nina Davis, KK, Kalani was there, the list goes on. And that kid's self-confidence was the most impressive thing to me. It's like, "That doesn't scare me, Coach, my time will come and I will work until you have to play me."

The second thing about Lauren Cox is, at her size, she can honestly play any position on that floor. If I got in foul trouble and had no guard to bring it up the floor, I would look at her and say, you go get the ball. She can do it. She can defend any position on that floor. And she's got a little oomph in her. She's going to guard you and get you. It's funny because the freshmen post players will watch and I'll be down there watching her and if someone hits Lauren hard and she thinks it was a cheap shot or the referee made a bad call, she will go, oh, who are we going to get in the other end. That's the competitor in that child.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. They kept you off of the offensive glass and they kept you without a rebound in the second half. What did they do to bother you on the boards tonight?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, they were just throwing, you know, extra people at me, and they knew ahead of time that I was a pretty good rebounder and they had a little bit of size advantage, and so yeah, they were just throwing extra bodies at me, yeah. Is.

Q. How tough was it to get the ball inside with those big bodies in there?
TANIA DAVIS: Personally, for me, it wasn't really that tough. I felt like I got the ball in there pretty easily. It was just after that, just, you know, making decisions on our part whether we speed cut, things like that.

But I don't think that their pressure bothered me at all when it came to getting the ball inside.

Q. What legacy do you think this class leaves behind? What are your memories from the four years?
TANIA DAVIS: For me personally, I felt like the legacy that we left is completely different depending on who you're talking about.

Obviously Megan, coming in as a freshman, and you know, turning out, the type of player that she is, first team All-American and being the all-time leading scorer, rebounder, in Iowa history.

Then you look at me, and I'm thrown and dealt a really bad hand, and had to overcome injury after injury; and to be able to fight back and make Big Ten Honorable Mention and to do things that I wasn't supposed to do and be in the position and be in the Elite 8, places I wasn't supposed to be.

And then you look at Hannah Stewart, not playing her freshman year and to be a starter and keep playing for us.

I feel like our legacy just completely different, but at the same time I feel like we're all just great people. We're great individuals off the court and I feel like that's the legacy we'd rather leave, as opposed to, you know, the players that we have.

MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, definitely what Tania said. We've all three had different journeys. Tania is one of the toughest warriors I know to be able to battle back from three injuries, with the shoulder and two back-to-back ACLs. Tonight she got her thousandth point, so that's amazing (tearing up).

Hannah, if I had to go to battle with anyone else -- she's going to do great things when she's done, and I just try to do my job here in Iowa and just trying to work hard every single day (sobbing).

God has just blessed me with an amazing ability to play basketball, and I'm just so, so pleased and thankful that the University of Iowa chose me and I chose to play for them.

Q. Just how good is this Baylor team?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, you know, I looked at their numbers and obviously watched them on film and I thought their defense was good. I didn't realize it was that good, until you're out there playing against them, how good their defense is.

I mean, I hope they win it all. I hope they go on and win it all, definitely. But again, I thought they were a very good team today, as well, and I just wish we would have played our best game and we didn't, but again, I know that part of that has to do with Baylor.

Q. This is the farthest Iowa has gone under you. Obviously you lose a lot. How do you sustain this now?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Well, it all begins with recruiting. It all begins with getting the talent in. You know, I think the culture is there. I think people want to play with the type of women that we have on our team.

So I think, you know, as long as we continue to pass that culture down and keep it, but it really comes down to getting the athletes in, as well. Culture is one thing, but you have to have talent to go with it.

Q. This is kind of not about the game itself, but you have an all-female coaching staff, and there aren't that many that have that. Is that important to you to be coaching a lot of women? How intentional is that, and is that something you plan to continue?
COACH LISA BLUDER: It's very intentional. It's something I'm really proud of. I think that young women need to have female role models to look up to and to see leaders in action that are women. I'm not saying that men can't be role models, but we all know that when you have somebody that looks like you, it's a little bit easier.

I'm very intentional about that, and I'm very proud of the fact that we have an all-female staff.

Q. You had about a seven-and-a-half-minute stretch there in that second quarter where you didn't make any field goals, made some from the free throw; how critical is that stretch with a chance to kind of stay in the game?
COACH LISA BLUDER: Yeah, there were several of those, I felt like, where we just had the long droughts. You know, I thought that Megan did her part; I said coming into this game that we needed everybody to contribute, and unfortunately we didn't get a lot of contribution from other people.

You know, again, I know they gave me all. I know that they worked as hard as they could. I know that they believed and came in here wanting it, but today, we just didn't get the job done. It would have been nice to be able to hit some threes and be able to knock some of those down, but again, I think Baylor did a really good job of getting out there and taking that pass out away from us.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. How exciting is it to be here in this atmosphere in Oregon?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, we're just glad to be playing. We would have been happy to play anywhere at this point. But obviously thrilled that we're in Portland, close to Eugene. Certainly there are a lot of Duck fans here in Portland.

Like I said the other day, any time you can drive to a regional, that's a good thing. We hope that the fans are going to come out. I hear the ticket sales are going great. I hope this is a good showcase for all of women's basketball.

Q. You had commented the other day that this was going to be a reunion for you, that you played South Dakota State before. How is this time, aside from the circumstances, different from playing last time you played them? How are you all preparing to face them tomorrow?
KELLY GRAVES: Brookings isn't quite as big as Portland. Both teams I think are different in a lot of ways. That seems like such a long time ago, mid December.

This whole regional is kind of unique for us because we played all three of the teams that are here, which I don't think happens very often.

The thing about South Dakota State, you can always count on them to be roughly the same in everything that they do. They're so consistent in their effort, in their execution, in their team play. Coach Johnston does such a great job. We've kind of followed the same path. We both got into head coaching about the same time. I followed his career.

Even though we're both different teams, they're so consistent that I think what we're going to see is what we've seen forever. I think that's one of the keys to them, from the day a Jackrabbit steps on campus, they're running the same things until they leave. That's why they're so good at what they do. They don't change their system and style of play each and every year. I think that's what makes them special, very similar to what we do.

Q. Talk a little bit about the bench production, how important Lydia, Oti, and Morgan, potentially Taylor coming back, have been this post-season?
KELLY GRAVES: We hope we get Taylor back. That's day-to-day. We haven't completely ruled it out this weekend, but we'll see. That's going to be a game-time decision tomorrow.

Lydia, Oti, and Morgan have really given us a lift when we needed it. We've had a short bench all year, so we've had to rely on them. I think especially down the stretch, I think in the conference tournament, the last few games when we were trying to wrap up a regular season championship in the Pac-12, just those important 12 to 15 minutes a game I think were really key.

In our semifinal win against UCLA, Morgan came up with three big-time threes that maybe we weren't always counting on. Obviously she's capable of doing that.

Ruthy has not been 100%, so Lydia has become more important. She's been a steady force defensively and really good on the boards. Anything she can give us in the point production is a bonus.

Oti, what do you say about her? One of my favorite student-athletes of all time. It seems like when it comes to March, she's had big games. If you look at the last three NCAA tournaments, she always seems to have a couple big-time games. We hope that continues this weekend.

Q. You mentioned both teams have changed, so the game will be a little different. The venue will be different, too. What was it like to play in Brookings? How do you think it will be here in Portland?
KELLY GRAVES: True story. I took one of my really good Zag teams back to South Dakota State way back when. We were the best two mid-majors in the country. We played opening weekend. It was the lead story on ESPN in women's basketball. They sent Graham Hays there for the weekend. They got us. It was a close game, went to overtime, but they got us.

I remember at the game I told my assistant coach Jodie Berry, Remind me never to come here again because they're just so tough. They play well. It's a tough venue because they get great crowd support, they're really into it, they're loud, they're right on top of you.

We did it again this year (laughter). After the game, again, a hard-fought, really well-played game by both teams. 87-79, neither team could stop each other. I told Jodie the same thing. This time I'll fire her if I ever go back to South Dakota State.

But I admire Aaron so much, the way he coaches, works with his team. They really do play basketball the way it's supposed to be played. They share the ball, they play hard, they space the floor well, they execute at both ends of the floor. They're all multi-dimensional. They can post up, they can drive, they can all shoot it.

Back when I was a pretty good player, you played on a rec team, you've seen them play, maybe up at the Mac Club, they just know how to play, they're tough as nails. Yeah, this is going to be a heck of a battle tomorrow.

Q. Do you think here with the big crowd that's expected will provide a different atmosphere? If so, do you see that as a benefit one way or another?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, I don't know. I'm sure that a lot of the folks in South Dakota traveled out here. I hope they did because this team is worth following, no doubt about it.

I'm assuming that a lot of the fans are going to be in green and yellow, at least that's what I hope. I think we'll have a little bit more support. There was one Duck family that was there, and that was a pretty special deal last time. I think actually we're linked, Terry could speak more to this, but I think their arena is named after a Duck alum, correct? So that's kind of cool. We're linked in a way.

Q. Sustained success the Pac-12 has had now in the post-season, speak to that a little bit and how maybe it's even reached a higher level this season.
KELLY GRAVES: It's a real testament to an awesome league. So five teams in the Sweet 16. I think we were four or five last year, I know five a couple of years ago. Yeah, this is something that is continuing to happen.

I just think it goes to show you the way we compete against each other in league really prepares us for post-season. We have so many different styles that we have to play against in conference play, and that helps us later on. It makes us all tougher.

What I really like is I know genuinely we all care about each other's programs, and we're pulling for each other. I got, the first text I got after we won our last game was from Coach VanDerveer. She's always championing the league. That always means a lot.

Q. Your team made the Elite 8 last year, got to this point for the first time. Nobody from South Dakota State is surprised they're here, but this is a different experience. What was it like for your group the first time they played in this regional? How much of an advantage does that give your team now that you've been here and done it?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, two years ago, so this is our third straight time at least in the Sweet 16. I know a couple years ago when Sabrina, Ruthy, that group were freshmen, we made kind of a run as a 10 seed. We didn't know what the heck we were doing, to be honest with you. We hadn't planned to really win those games or anything like that.

I think kind of being dumb helped us. The moment wasn't too big because we didn't really know what to expect. I remember we ultimately got beat by UConn, and I remember in the press conference before, one of the quotes Gino had was, These folks don't know this is supposed to be hard, you're not supposed to come in and start beating people. We didn't know that.

South Dakota State, they've won for so long, maybe they're used to it, but maybe they haven't gotten --

Q. This is their first time.
KELLY GRAVES: This is their first time, okay.

They're a veteran group. Maybe the first time in this spot, but not the first time in this tournament, against big opponents. I think that's what makes their program special, too. They're not afraid to play anybody. If you look at their non-conference, it's a who's-who really.

Q. I know you guys suffered some tough losses down the stretch, obviously in the PAC-12 tournament. What would you say was your biggest takeaway as a coach? What did you tell them this is what we need to learn from these losses?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, every loss is tough. First of all. When you win a lot of them, every loss is tough.

I think the main thing, Ruthy is really important to us. When we didn't have her for that week and a half stretch, that hurt us. I think that hurt us in our ultimate loss against Stanford, three games in three nights, we just didn't have it. Credit to them. They earned it. They deserved to win the game.

I think what we learned, what I told them is, number one, we play in a really good league. That's going to happen. There's ups and downs throughout the year. You just got to learn from it, get past it, move on. I think we have. I thought last weekend we played really well.

I reminded the team after our Stanford loss, I think the two finalists in last year's NCAA, Mississippi State and Notre Dame, both lost in the Championships of their respective conference tournaments. I just said, Listen, this isn't going to define us, March Madness will.

That's what we've really focused on. This team has been really good about handling pressure, moving on to the next game, win or lose. We've had some big wins, too, we had to forget. Guess what, we have another really good team in two days. It's a really veteran group and I think they've handled it well.

Q. You said last weekend that Satou was the player that would separate you guys from the rest. Why did you say that? Why is she that player?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, I think Ruthy and Sabrina have been so good for so long, you kind of know what to expect from them each and every game. I think Satou is still trying to figure it out as a sophomore. She's so unbelievably talented. You see that on display more times than not.

But she's that one player that's a tough matchup, a 6'4" guard who can shoot it, put it on the floor, post up. She's really developed into a really good offensive rebounder and can score that way. She can do it in a variety of different ways. Becomes a matchup disadvantage for each opponent.

That's why I think I've said that about her. I have a lot of faith in her, though. She is an amazing, amazing player. Has really I think played well in the tournament so far.

Q. Charli Turner Thorne said she would be in favor of the super regional concept in Las Vegas. What are your thoughts on that?
KELLY GRAVES: Oh, I see the merits of it. I think we've changed our format too many times I think recently, to be honest with you. I think we need to stick with one and go with it, try and grow it. I actually like the regionals. Here is a great example.

I think if you find the right places to put them, not everybody supports women's basketball, but you have two of the best fan bases here in the country right here in Oregon, Oregon and Oregon State. I think we were 8th in attendance and Oregon State is around 12th.

This is the good spot to put it. We're going to put hopefully 11, 12, 13 thousand people or more in here. I actually like that.

I would be open to doing maybe four six-team first and second-round sites, putting them in winning spots regionally. I think people can plan ahead saying, Hey, we know the first and second rounds are in these spots, let's make a vacation out of it, go watch great basketball for four days.

I don't know. It was sure fun playing at home last week in front of a lot of very raucous Duck fans. I think there's an advantage to that, as well. But you look at Arizona State as a 5 seed. They would have an argument to host, as well, but they were right on that line. There's a big difference. They proved, you know, a good performance is going to win wherever you go, but it's always nicer I think to play at home.

Sorry, that was a long answer to a very thoughtful question.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thank you very much for your time. Good luck tomorrow against South Dakota State.

KELLY GRAVES: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. You were talking the other day about trying to find a championship offense to match your championship defense. Talk more about what that would look like if your team can reach that championship offense.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, I mean, I guess in general terms, it would just be getting the best shot every time down, just shooting -- kind of what I just alluded to, efficiency. At times in games we get the shots we want, we just don't quite knock them down.

We just need to get the shots that we want, which against Mississippi State, they're a very stingy defense. For the most part we have five scorers on the floor at all times.

I talked about this a little bit after the Miami game, not trying, with Courtney and Kianna and Robbi, we got to get your shots. Letting it happen. Obviously Jamie can score. Sophia, whoever else is in the game, Reili gets an open look, everybody is ready to step up and score. We're going to need that. We're going to need everybody to be kind of taking turns.

I mean, I kind of joked, if Kianna wants to go for 30, that's great. But realistically we need our bench to step up again. We need to have a real balanced attack. That's as much as I'm going to say (smiling).

Q. A lot of Pac-12 teams still alive in this tournament. What do you think that says about where the conference is? How pleased are you to see that?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Very pleased. Again, not surprised at all. I think a lot of our conference coaches have felt, because we play tough schedules in the pre-season, top to bottom, we have been the most dominant conference in the country all year long. I think that's just playing out right now. I'm not surprised at all.

Super happy for our conference. It's going to be fun to see how everything plays out, how well our five Sweet 16 teams do the rest of the way.

Q. How has Kianna been able to elevate her game over the last couple of years? She's grown year after year, seems to be doing outstanding this season.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Absolutely. Thank you.

You know, just by hard work really. This season, last year all-conference player, stepped up for us. Kind of had a great game, then would kind of have a quiet game, have a great game. Going into her senior year, we said, Hey, that's not going to cut it this year. Every game we need you locked in, being your honey badger self, looking to score.

She got in with our assistant, offensive work, watched film. I feel like she just really was more like a pro this year in terms of her approach of, Okay, how am I going to score, keeping up on her individual workouts.

She's just very limited, I want to say. She had that horrible knee injury her senior year in high school, so the reason -- she isn't this role player that developed, she was a star when we signed her. It took us about a year and a half to get her fully healthy and able to manage that knee. That's what we've done I think really well. Diana, my trainer, have done that really well.

She is kind of limited with practice and stuff, yet she still works so hard to make sure she's prepared on both sides of the ball.

She's a great defensive player. She led our team in steals, plays both sides of the ball.

Q. Arizona State did surprise some people by showing up in the Sweet 16. I'm going to cram all my questions in here. Why do you think the Sun Devils are underestimated? Can you tell us a little bit about how the team grew this year, in what ways? How are you able to get the most out of your players, which you seem to do every single year?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Wow, okay. I don't know. I think if you're preparing to play us, you don't underestimate us. I think maybe around the country if you're not paying attention, maybe you do.

I appreciate that. I think this team has grown. We had high expectations coming in. We had a good pre-season, right there knocking off a couple top-five teams. We have experience, we have depth. All returners back with some great freshmen.

But probably, you know, just a little more inconsistent than we wanted to be in the Pac-12. Welcome to the Pac-12 (laughter). Have your A game every single week, it's just brutal. I think just like everybody, slowed by people not fully healthy, stuff like that, through different stretches.

I don't credit myself. I credit this team for being where they're at right now. They're totally selfless. They have not made it about me the entire year. I think that allows you to get better, allows you to pull together. When you're shooting 30-some percent, end up in the Sweet 16 somehow, some way, because you're tough and gritty, you got a pretty good defense.

Q. In the tournament so far, is there any moment that really stands out to you as showing this is what my team can do, in the games so far? This is all clicking, what I want to see going forward?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, I think in the Miami game obviously just the final two defensive stops were huge. But also just the bench scoring. Iris, not known for her three-point shooting, just drains a three, get a tip-in. Jamie comes in off the bench in the fourth quarter, hits a couple threes. Not so much one moment, but just sort of I think that really characterizes our team, timely scoring from next woman up.

We've been at our best when we play that way. Then always just having confidence that we can get a stop.

Q. The Cancun game, you were talking about how Howard has filled in the role for Vivians. How do you see Mississippi State compared to the team you faced a year or so ago?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I think McCowan is better. She has just continued to grow and get better and better as a player. Give her and Vic a lot of credit, their coaching staff, mainly obviously McCowan.

Howard, she's a little different from Vivians, but she's playing that same role. I mean, she's All-American, three-level scorer. She might be a little more dynamic rebounder, to be honest.

Again, they've continued to grow the players in their program, much like we do. You think, Oh, they graduated this player. Uh-oh, that next players just steps in. They're every bit as good every single year. I think we both have programs like that. They've done that very well.

They're very similar. They're pressing, pressuring, running dribble-drive, running their sets for their specific scorers at any given point. I don't know, because I'll probably know after we play them, I thought they had the veterans, Williams, Schaeffer in the backcourt, but I'm watching them, they got four seniors out there, so they still have great veterans that are doing all those same things, playing tenacious, pressure defense.

They're just really good at knowing who they are. They know who they are. They know what their role is. They play it really well. Each person knows how they're supposed to score. They look for each other, they take turns doing that role very, very well.

We thought UCLA and Oregon rebound well, but, whew. I mean, I think all those teams are in that category where it's like, Okay, wow, it's going to be a team rebounding effort, for sure.

Q. The idea of a super regional concept of everyone going to Las Vegas. They're going to have a big crowd here, over 11,000. What do you think of the super regional idea, now having been to Vegas for the Pac-12 tournament?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah. I talked to Debbie Antonelli at length about that because she originated -- I think it really started with her. I think everybody in this room knows who Debbie is.

I love the idea. I absolutely love the idea. I think it would be amazing for our game to build equity in Vegas, a place that's a destination, where a lot of people want to go, have all those teams there, bringing their fans, having a place where maybe you could even recruit people within the community, surrounding areas that like women's basketball.

I absolutely love it. I mean, I've been doing this 30 years in Division I college coaching. We keep moving backwards. We can't play on neutral sites, we're not filling the stands. I don't know. I'll go on record, I don't care, I'm old, doesn't matter.

No, I mean, that would sell out. That would be unbelievable. I mean, the turnout, it's just kind of to me a no-brainer. Now that legislation has changed in terms of the NCAA bylaws with gambling. I really hope that we're looking at it because I think it would be unbelievable for our game and for the NCAA tournament.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thank you very much for your time. Best of luck tomorrow against Mississippi State.

CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Sabrina, the other night after you had a triple-double you talked about it a little bit on Instagram. You didn't get there tonight. You were super close. Could you give us a little background? Do you feel like even with how accomplished you have been individually, you hear from some male haters, none of whom have any athletic talent anyway?
SABRINA IONESCU: That was nice. I mean, yeah, even after that post, I got about 2,000 to 3,000 comments. More than half of them were bashing me or my team. I did it in a joking manner. I read it, but I don't take it to heart.

I mean, I was just trying to advocate for what I believe in, what I think all women should believe in. Now I'm starting to see it more on Twitter. People are kind of starting to post about it. It was nice to see some former Oregon players, some former NBA, WNBA players responding to that post and appreciating it.

Q. You didn't shoot particularly well from outside three-point range. Do you think the background in the bigger arena had anything to do with that?
SABRINA IONESCU: Yeah, it could have. I mean, we're just so comfortable shooting at our home court. But we're going to have to adjust and hit those shots on Sunday. We're given another opportunity.

I think we did well for the fact that we didn't shoot the ball very well. We got the ball inside. We were still efficient regardless of our shooting percentage. But we're definitely going to have to adjust and do that Sunday.

SATOU SABALLY: I feel like we all have to get used to those kind of gyms, especially where we want to go. Getting all the misses out today was actually a good thing. The good thing about our team is we are not defined by shooting threes, we're defined by getting the ball inside, having really strong players that can do everything.

Q. Satou, you were pretty ecstatic after that game. What was going through your mind right as the game was wrapping up, you get back in the locker room? What was going on with all those emotions you were showing?
SATOU SABALLY: I was just so excited for our team. We've been working so hard all through season, even before in the off-season and summer. I'm just really proud of each player in our team. We deserve this. We know where we want to be.

Just being able to close the game like that, having a great game, except like maybe our shooting, but we finished it like champions. That's what we want to be.

Yeah, I was just super excited. I was just screaming around, hugging everyone, just being the energizer I'm trying to be.

Q. Ruthy, I want to know why you got rid of your braids. Is it a superstition thing?
RUTHY HEBARD: No. No. Coach was actually like, When we beat Mississippi State, you wore your natural hair. Here we go, let's do this. Let's get there. Just trying to switch it up.

Q. Sabrina, did Ruthy and Satou hog too many rebounds tonight?
SABRINA IONESCU: No, not enough. I hold them to a super high standard. She should be getting every single rebound. It was a little difficult because of how many threes they shot, those rebounds were a little bit long. That's what we have to do every game in order to take our team to another level.

Q. What do you think about being matched up with Mississippi State again when the bracket came out? I know it's one game at a time, but players look ahead. Did you want another game with them?
SABRINA IONESCU: I mean, it didn't really matter to us. Super excited to be able to play that team again. Their offensive efficiency is great. So is ours. I think it will be a great matchup on a neutral court.

I think we're excited. They're one of the top teams in the country. I think it's going to show how much we've grown from the last time we played them and what we need to work on. There is pros and cons to playing a team for the second time. But I think we're so used to that with the Pac-12, we'll be able to grow on our weaknesses.

SATOU SABALLY: I mean, I'm personally excited because I had a really bad game the last time we played them. I'm really fired up. I wanted Mississippi State. I know that they're a really great matchup. They were in the Final Four last year. They're just going to make us better.

Q. Sabrina, third year in a row that y'all are in the Elite 8. How long have you been thinking about this opportunity? What are your emotions now that you're here?
SABRINA IONESCU: I mean, we've been thinking about this opportunity since our last loss last year to Notre Dame. This is what we work for, this is what we dream of. Now it's time to make our dreams a reality. We're going to come out tomorrow -- Sunday, we're going to come out Sunday dialed in, ready to go and not let this opportunity slip away because it is a great one.

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you very much. We will see you on Sunday.

SABRINA IONESCU: Go Ducks.

THE MODERATOR: We'll open it up to questions for Coach Graves.

Q. It looked like you were in man most of the time. Other games you've done a lot of switching. What was your thinking behind that? How big a key do you think that was?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, we always start in man every game. We make the adjustments if we're not doing so well. But I thought we were on point defensively right from the start tonight. So we played 40 minutes of man-to-man defense.

The one thing that concerns you about South Dakota State is their ability to beat you three at a time. I thought by playing man, we cut down on their opportunities. They didn't have as many good looks out there. They shot almost as poorly as we did. That was an ice cold shooting game for both teams from downtown.

Q. Looking at the stat sheet, the one thing that stands out to me is you were out-rebounded, 20 offensive rebounds. Probably don't want that on Sunday, do you?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, probably not. They were wearing blue. I thought it was UCLA there for a while, the way they rebounded against us.

I thought we got out-worked on the boards. We got pushed under too many times, and they seemed to get all the long rebounds.

We've been a pretty good rebounding team most of the year. I won't be too concerned with that other than we better do a better job because Anriel Howard and Teaira McCowan, they get a lot of them.

Q. You've already played Mississippi State, you have a scouting report on them. I would assume they're going to change their defense because you killed them with the pick and roll in December. How much can you change in 36 hours?
KELLY GRAVES: We'll use a little bit of what we used last time. I think both teams are a little bit different now. I know Chloe Bibby is not with them. She was when we played them the first time. She's an outstanding outside shooter. So they're playing Espinoza a little bit more.

Yeah, I mean, we're not going to change at this point too much. We have one practice tomorrow. We won't even have a shootaround on Sunday. We've got to get this in pretty quickly. I think in these back-to-back games you kind of stay true to your character.

I think the first game of the week you have a chance to put new things in if you want to. No, it's going to come down I think Sunday to who just plays harder and is tougher. Ultimately somebody is going to have to make some plays to win the game. It's going to be a really, really good game against two very good teams. Offensively we've been two of the top three scoring teams in the country all year, two of the most efficient.

The game will probably be decided at the defensive end.

Q. What goes through your mind when you see Sabrina flying at the scores tables and benches?
KELLY GRAVES: I love it. That's the only way we know her. That's how she plays. You know what, if it was a drill in the first third of practice, she'd be doing the same thing. I mean, that's just kind of who she is. That's how she's wired. That's why she's as great as she is.

No worries. She won't change. We don't want her to change.

Q. Talk about Satou, the energy she played with in the first half especially. Seemed like she was out there to energize people.
KELLY GRAVES: She was. I thought her first half was one of the better halves of the season. Both ends of the floor she was a factor to block shots, rebounding well, changed some of their shots as well. Just was really aggressive offensively. When she plays like that, that gives us a whole different dynamic. It's not just a Ruthy and a Sabrina show. She can bring something that no one else can to us.

If we can get the rest of our shooters to, you know, kind of get their rhythm and hit something, then we become pretty tough to guard. But she is that X factor, no doubt about it.

Q. There was so much buildup about this opportunity to play in Portland. Did it feel like it took the team a little bit to settle into that? Did it feel like a home game but maybe not quite like a home game?
KELLY GRAVES: Yeah, we felt like we were at home. I mean, the crowd was loud. They were really engaged. I think we put them to sleep in the fourth quarter. But, yeah, we had eyes toward Portland right from the beginning. I'm not going to lie about that. We wanted to play well enough. We knew we had to earn it. They weren't just going to give it to us. By winning the Pac-12 regular season championship, we earned the right to come here. Like I said, it was in the back of our minds. Now I'm glad we're here.

It's an advantage. The reality is Mississippi State has played in a lot of very tough venues in the SEC. They've already played at our place. They're used to this kind of an atmosphere. I don't think it will affect them at all. That's a pretty seasoned basketball team with one of the best coaches if not the best coach in college basketball right now in Vic.

Q. You talked about how it wasn't a great offensive game, but you really got Ruthy going in the second half. Was that deliberate or just sort of the way the game presented itself?
KELLY GRAVES: A little bit of both. We knew going in they just didn't have much of an answer there. Especially if they were switching in the pick'n roll, which they did, we were able to get to it early and often. She even left a few out there on the court tonight that's almost automatic for her.

I think that's always our first priority, when we game plan, how can we get her the basketball. Then what happens, you make the other team adjust, are they going to send help, if they send help, then we're the best by percentage, we've been the best three-point shooting team in the country all year long. Four of 20 tonight may hurt that a little bit.

That's kind of how it all starts. So you look at the two games we lost in the Pac-12 this year, we didn't have Ruthy for the most part. That hurt.

Q. You talked about the three. Erin was held scoreless. How disappointed was she? Did she stalk to you after the game? Did you talk to her about her evening?
KELLY GRAVES: Oh, I haven't yet. I mean, I think as a shooter, you have to have a short memory. You just got to get back out. The one thing with Erin is if she makes one, she's going to make five, and they're going to come quick. She needs to see the ball go through the basket. We ran a couple sets for her, got her some good looks. It's one of those nights it happens. Every shooter has been there before. You saw the young man that plays for Virginia, he was like one for 18, then finally hit a couple. That was the difference against our men last night.

Well, we hope that Erin is just saving them for Sunday.

Q. Charli said after the Mississippi State game she doesn't think there's anyone in the Pac-12 that's like Mississippi State. Do you agree with that or do they remind you of anyone?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, they're athletic like UCLA. We've seen that. I think that's the beauty of being in the Pac-12, we see a little bit of everything. But, no, nobody has a center that is like Teaira. She's just one of a kind. Man, I'm telling you, she is so, so good. The pressure they put on you defensively is really unlike anything we see in the Pac-12. Arizona State is a good example. But they don't really pick you up full court and try and turn you, disrupt your tempo like Mississippi State.

But we played them before. That gives us a little bit of experience there. And nobody has one-liners like Vic Schaefer. He's really the best in the game. He truly is.

Q. Was there any thought toward playing Taylor tonight?
KELLY GRAVES: There was a thought, yes. To be honest with you, I wish maybe I'd gotten her in at the end just to have her feet on the court before we play Mississippi State.

But when you're injured, I think any chance you get to just get a little bit more rest I think is a good thing. But we're hoping that she's available on Sunday because she gives us a huge lift and is a player that we don't have. We don't have anybody that plays like her. We need her and we've missed her, so fingers crossed. We'll see.

It's late. Let's go to bed. Can we do that?

THE MODERATOR: I like that plan, coach.

KELLY GRAVES: You can go to bed. I got to watch film.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Sure, thank you.

Well, it didn't go the way we wanted it to. Obviously we didn't quite execute our game plan. Really proud of this team and everything they accomplished this year. Really appreciate everybody here in Portland. You guys have done a great job hosting. Appreciate everybody with the NCAA championship. It's always a first-class experience.

Also I just want to say an apology to Mississippi State. One of our players did -- obviously a very physical game. One of our players did say something at the end of the game that upset another one of their players. That's not who we are. That's not what we ever do. We always shake hands. We're always very respectful and classy.

She feels really bad. I just wanted to say that. If there's any representative on their team, you can pass it on, but I'll text Vic.

THE MODERATOR: We'll open it up for questions to the student-athletes.

Q. You were in foul trouble all night right from the start. What was going on there trying to fight with McCowan generally that got you guys in that much foul trouble?
KIANNA IBIS: Yeah, it was really a battle down there today. It was a very physical team. We just tried to match their physicality. We weren't disciplined today, and that really showed.

Q. Courtney, when it comes to the legacy of this senior class, what do you think that will be looking back?
COURTNEY EKMARK: I'm really proud of our senior class this year for stepping up and leading our team and working hard. Hopefully that just paves the way for the next group of seniors to come in next year and keep it going.

Q. Reili, can you describe what this group of seniors has meant to you personally?
REILI RICHARDSON: Yeah, they're awesome. I loved playing with them. They did a lot for our team. They're just paving the way for the future.

Q. Kianna, maybe you can talk about the physical aspect of the game. A lot of muscling going on inside. Had you faced a physical opponent like that before? How did the game plan play out especially with having to contain a physical presence like McCowan inside?
KIANNA IBIS: I wouldn't say we've played a team as physical as them. I think that's why they're going on to the Elite 8. I feel like they're going to go far in this tournament.

Yeah, we didn't execute the game plan because we weren't supposed to let them get second shots. We weren't supposed to foul. Yeah, we just didn't match the physicality. Like I said before, we weren't disciplined today.

Q. Kianna, what do you think the senior legacy will be?
KIANNA IBIS: I just want the team just to remember, like, how hard we worked on and off the court, just who we were on and off the court, how we stood up to Charli's standards and her culture, how we treated people, how we played basketball, everything beyond that.

Q. Reili, turnovers were an issue, too. Was it hard with as much effort was being put in to try to contain McCowan, to match up with everybody else? What about the quickness of their guards?
REILI RICHARDSON: I think their pressure bothered us a little bit. We threw passes that weren't there. We just forced it. We didn't do our game plan, so that was ultimately it.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you and congratulations on a great season, ladies.

We will continue with questions for coach.

Q. It seemed like for a while you were keeping McCowan kind of under control. Some of the other people were hurting you. Just eventually the fouls mounted up to more than what has happened to you all year long.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, you know, obviously we were going to say make other people beat us. A lot of the fouls were on the lane drive and we were late. We were silly. Kianna, it wasn't on McCowan, kind of silly. We were not a shot-blocking team. We probably had 10 fouls trying to block their shots.

We just got away from things. I think the moment. I mean, we've been in this situation so many times with teams this good. You know they're going to get a step on you. They're just that good. You just have to be disciplined and don't foul them, just run it right back at them.

We just didn't do that. Honestly, watching all the film on Mississippi State, it's just a total -- like I don't know how you decide who you call a foul on. That's how I got my technical. You call a foul every time. I didn't think I should get a technical for saying that. I didn't get warned either.

Obviously we lost out on that whole battle of two people shoving each other. But we fouled. We did. We didn't execute our game plan. I mean, we wanted to make the guards beat us. I thought down the stretch we were kind of giving them a little bit of everything. Then we kind of wanted to pick up our pressure. So we didn't do that.

But, you know, I think at the end of the day, I mean, we were doing a good job of holding them. We didn't need to hit shots. We knew we needed to have a good offensive game tonight. We got good shots I thought for the most part. Courtney is an amazing shooter. Kianna's foul trouble, that really, really hurt us. And that's on her. It was on her. It was silly fouls. I saw what they called, didn't disagree with it, which is too bad. Incredible player like that, it would have been nice to have her out there for more than 16 minutes or whatever it was.

But we needed other people to step up offensively. We just didn't quite get shots to fall. I think if we would have had our clean looks fall, we would have been right there. We were saying, they haven't lost close games this year. Last year they had a lot of close games. They were good in them. This year they haven't. Hang around, we know we're good in close games.

We got away from things. Credit Mississippi State. Vic, with his four seniors, coming up short two years in a row, they're a hungry, hard-working, talented team. All the credit to them in terms of taking it to us today.

Q. You played in a really good conference. Is that the best team you played this year? Do you think they can win a national championship?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, I think it's wide open. I think it's hard to say they're the best team. On any given day, Oregon, Stanford -- I mean, McCowan kind of changes things a little bit. Then again, it depends on who you have to match up. It depends on if those other kids hit some shots.

I mean, we played Baylor. I think Baylor has a chance to win the national championship. Played Louisville. Depending on how things go for them... That's kind of a great thing about this year. I think for college women's basketball, I mean, there's probably seven or eight teams really that could win this national championship this year.

Q. Obviously the question has been going around. What do you think the legacy of this senior class will be?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I think they articulated it really well. They work hard. They're great people. They live to the standards of our program on and off the court, and we have very high standards. Very high standards that they are getting As and Bs. They're great citizens, they're doing their community service. They're just doing work, making great decisions with their life.

Our four seniors do that impeccably. So I was really happy for them to at least get this far in the tournament. I mean, obviously didn't play well enough to advance. But they have done an amazing job showing our younger players what it means to be a Sun Devil.

Q. I think you were down by nine going into the fourth quarter. Did you think at that point even with the foul trouble, whatnot, you still might be able to get back into it?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, we felt good. We did. Obviously three possessions, we were like just get the shots falling. Kianna, just keep her out there. They didn't really feel like they could guard her.

They just started overloading and going inside. I'll have to look at the tape. I don't know. I mean, you know, both people are shoving on each other. It was just foul, foul, foul, foul, foul. We were supposed to be sitting on her. I called a timeout early. This is what they're doing, adjust.

I don't know. We just weren't adjusting the way we normally do, so... But, yeah, we thought we were right there. We can cover nine points pretty quick. But, you know, I mean, that's the difference with a team. Again, they haven't had a lot of close games for a reason. They know how to in the fourth quarter put the foot on the jugular. Holmes hits a jumper. Daring to shoot, hit shots. We needed that not to happen. We needed a little luck of the Irish or something.

Q. If it's Oregon against Mississippi State in the final, how do you think those two teams match up?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Great question. They've already played. I watched that game now twice. I watched it again last night. I mean, you know, Oregon does have Hebard who can really match up pretty well with McCowan. Like, I don't think we have someone that's quite that grippy. So I think they have that. I think Oregon, you know, I mean, you want me to make my prediction?

Q. Yeah.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I'll make it. You know I don't care. I mean, Oregon's got the shooting. If Oregon brings their A game, I mean, they have everybody on the floor, one through four, can just, you know, drain threes all game long. I think their zone, the way they play defense, is the style you want to play against Mississippi State.

Sometimes if Oregon is playing a great shooting team, they can get themselves in trouble. But a team like that that just wants their paint touches, lane line layups, that plays into Oregon's hands.

It will be a great game. I thought the first time around Oregon handled the pressure really well. But, you know, McCowan got in foul trouble. But I'd give the edge to Oregon. They're both great rebounding teams. Oregon has the best backcourt in the country, in my opinion. They're going to take care of the ball. They're going to get their shooters the shots that they need.

Sorry, Vic (smiling). Back the Pac.

Q. What was the problem with Reili?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Reili was nine to two. It was more our bench that had untimely turnovers. The problem is Mississippi State. We actually normally played that style. We adjusted our style this year. We'll get back, be a lot more athletic next year and aggressive with our defense.

One bad pass here or there, live turnover layup. We only had 16, which, I mean, is still more than we normally have. I think we only average like 13 a game. You can't have the live turnovers that give them the run- outs.

We talked about it. I mean, one day of practice. We really don't have anybody in our conference that plays Mississippi State style. UCLA a little bit. I mean, I told them, You played against this style, this is us, the whole pre-season. We needed to take a little bit better care of the ball. But we didn't win the battle of possessions on either front.

We take better care of the ball, we do a little bit better on the boards, we got an exciting game at the end, ladies and gentlemen. I'm playing a deep rotation. We kind of took turns a little bit and that hurt us.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, coach.

Q. Ruthy, obviously you played a great game against McCowan in the first meeting. What are the challenges of repeating that, countering whatever adjustments?
RUTHY HEBARD: She's a great player. I'm going to have to try again to get low, be strong, physical, depend on my teammates a lot. Hopefully that works out tomorrow. I know we're going to give it our all.

Q. Satou, you said last night that you wanted Mississippi State again because you hadn't played well against them. I'm guessing you watched the film. What do you think you did wrong that game or what can you do better this game?
SATOU SABALLY: I mean, I just wasn't that dialed in offensively. I did a couple of mistakes. But, I mean, on the other hand my team really stepped up and our bench had a huge game. Oti played a huge game. Everyone can have a bad day, and that was my bad day.

Just coming out and being a good player.

Q. Sabrina, you're not going to answer the question I want to ask about leaving early, so this is what I'm going to ask you instead. When you were becoming a top player, when you were in high school developing into this awesome prospect, I'm sure you saw, paid attention to all the guys who were becoming top prospects, doing one-and-done, going pro. You seem to be a pretty big advocate of the game. When you were younger, did you think: Why aren't the opportunities available for women to leave early? Why isn't that enticing to them? Is that something you want for the game?
SABRINA IONESCU: I mean, looking back on it, back then I don't think I ever thought about that because I didn't think I was ever going to be in this position. Now going through it, learning more about the game, I do think there should be equal opportunity for both men and women regardless of the pay gap between the two sports.

I mean, I am still learning things now. I didn't know I was even eligible to leave until I saw it on social media. I had absolutely no idea that I was even going to be given that opportunity besides a few months ago.

I think that should be talked about more. I think girls at a younger age should definitely be given that knowledge because they could take, you know, different steps going through high school and going through college in their basketball careers and in school.

Q. Sabrina and Ruthy, before the season we talked about how you had the photo of the Tampa skyline in the locker room, your feelings about that before the season. Now that you're at this stage again, have the opportunity to get there, right or wrong, a lot of people are going to judge the success or failure of this season based on reaching that point. Now that you're at this stage, what is the feeling heading into this that you can reach that goal?
SABRINA IONESCU: I mean, ultimately it's just another game for us. It's just another opportunity for us to continue to get better, to continue to grow as a team, individually, collectively. At the end of the day it's just another basketball game.

Ultimately we are trying to win this game, and we are trying to get further than we have these last couple years, at least with this core group. I think that's what's going to separate us as a more mature and veteran group. I think we want to get better, we want to do more than we have in the past.

I think coming into this year we had Tampa written all over our locker room, that was our ultimate goal because that is ultimately what is going to set us apart.

RUTHY HEBARD: I'm excited. Hopefully we make it to Tampa. We have one more task beforehand, and hopefully we're all up to the task.

Q. Sabrina, what do you remember from the first game with Mississippi State as far as McCowan-Ruthy matchup? How important do you see that being to tomorrow's game?
SABRINA IONESCU: I mean, it's going to be huge. That's their key player. That's their best player. That's one of the best players in the country. She didn't have her best game against us at our place. Credit to Ruthy and to our team. We know that tomorrow she's not going to let that happen again, especially with a Final Four on the line. We're going to have to be able to learn and adjust and play better than we did down at our place.

Q. Ruthy, you talked about the challenge of defending McCowan. At the other end, putting her in ball screens, what opportunities did that create for you and your guards?
RUTHY HEBARD: Putting her in a bunch of ball screens, we knew we would get a lot of shots off. Having our guards go off, turn the corner, getting dump-offs. Taylor played a great game. I remember that. That's going to help tomorrow, as well.

Q. Maite, the challenge between your game last night and the game tomorrow, how dramatically different defensively of a challenge are these two games?
MAITE CAZORLA: I mean, we're going to have to be dialed in defensively. All five have to rebound. That's what it's going to come to.

Q. Sabrina, I think there's a good argument to be made that Maite is the most underrated player in the Pac-12. She does so much for you guys. Your best perimeter defender. What I really wondered was, you have a lot of success because you have a high basketball IQ, so does she. What is it like to play with another guard who is so smart?
SABRINA IONESCU: I mean, it's awesome. We don't have to communicate a lot to understand what we're trying to accomplish on the court. We just feed off of each other. I just have to look at her, she looks at me, we know where we're going to go, what needs to be done.

I give a lot of credit for everything I've done, for everything this team has accomplished just because of the fact that she doesn't get recognized a lot because of how many stars we have on this team. She's just as important as everyone else. She's been here when this team wasn't very good. She's still here when the team is at its best.

Her composure, her basketball IQ, her ability to contribute when she steps on the court is something we definitely don't take for granted.

Q. What was it like last year in the tournament not being able to help your teammates, having to watch? What does it mean now to have the opportunity to help them take the next step?
ERIN BOLEY: Yeah, it was really hard last year. It was a really exciting year. Obviously they were playing Notre Dame in the Elite 8. It was tough to have to sit out.

I was already really excited to be able to play, to be able to come in and help. To be at this point now is awesome. I'm going to do whatever I can to help this team make it one step further than we did last year.

Q. Erin, why did you guys struggle so much from three? Was that South Dakota State's defense or were you off? Is it almost a must that you hit some threes to open up the offense against Mississippi State, considering who is in the paint?
ERIN BOLEY: I think our shooting has a lot to do with us. We're confident going into the next game as a team. But there's a lot of different parts to our offense. We have always five different people on the floor that can do different things.

I don't think it's a make or break for us. But we're moving on from that last game and forgetting about it. We're going to be confident going into the next one.

Q. Sabrina, Taylor is such a huge impact in the first game. She found you on an assist. You found her in a pretty big basket in the third quarter. How big a role can she have? She was suited up but didn't play last night. How big an impact can she have?
SABRINA IONESCU: The sky is the limit for her. She knows that. Just her will to win, do whatever it takes for our team to succeed is what she's going to do night in, night out, regardless if it's scoring none and giving up the ball to us in order for us to score, or defending and chasing off those screens. She's going to do whatever we need her to do.

If she plays tomorrow, great. If she doesn't, great. I think we're right where we want to be, and everyone is going to have to step up a little more in order to take what she's not able to give us.

Q. Sabrina, what opportunities did you see putting McCowan in ball screens, creating that first matchup?
SABRINA IONESCU: I mean, the floor opened up. She's such a big inside presence. When you bring her towards the outside, that whole paint opens up. That's going to give bigger guards like Erin and Satou the ability to go in on their smaller guards. It's going to give us the ability for driving lanes. It's going to give Ruthy the ability to roll down and be unguarded in that pick'n roll. We can come off, look for the shot, have her chase us around on the outside, which hopefully over a 40-minute game is going to tire her out.

Just continuing to find weaknesses that we can pinpoint and use against them is what we're going to do. That's not going to be the only thing that's going to work for us tomorrow. Just watching film, we didn't play our best game over at our place, we still ended up with a win. I think we have to learn from that and not settle for what we accomplished at our place, continue to grow.

There's going to be a lot of areas where we need to pinpoint how to win, not just in the McCowan ball screen.

Q. Ruthy and Satou, Mississippi State is very, very physical. It's really hard to simulate that when you're getting ready for them. Especially when you played them in December, how did you guys get ready for that? Did you have to guard Coach Graves in the paint to practice?
RUTHY HEBARD: He actually did jump in. We practiced it a lot, Coach Graves just banging us up a little bit. We played against ourselves and Lydia, all banging against each other. It was good. I mean, she's super physical. That's going to be the main point of the game.

Yeah, we banged up on each other a bit. Coach isn't the best.

SABRINA IONESCU: Coach is soft, though.

SATOU SABALLY: We also had great practice players. They push us every day in our practices. Just going against the guys, they get hyped up, just going against men I feel like who have that kind of power helps a lot in our practices.

Yeah, if not, we'll just have to buckle up a little bit.

Q. Obviously a lot of the focus is on Teaira. Are there other Mississippi State players who aren't Teaira that you are focusing on in your film study?
SABRINA IONESCU: One through eight that they play. Anriel Howard is one of the best forewomen in the country. They've been to two national championship games. They've been in this position numerous times. You can never win just with one person. That team is just so tightly knit, that coach coaches them so well, they're prepared.

They've been in this moment. They've been further than this moment. It takes a team in order for them to win. The pieces she has around her makes her excel at a really high level.

We're going to have to take care of all their players, not just her, although she is one of the focus points that we have.

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you so much. Best of luck tomorrow.

We're with Oregon head coach Kelly Graves. Any opening statement you'd like to make or...

KELLY GRAVES: Let's go to work.

THE MODERATOR: Questions, please.

Q. Obviously you guys have a lot of tournament experience, your third time in the Elite 8. What are the challenges of playing a team that's been to the national championship the last two years, and their goal is to take it one step further from that?
KELLY GRAVES: Yeah, I think that's been their saying right from the start: Unfinished business. We know we're going to get a very experienced team, but a determined team. They've had their eye to this. They've been here before. They've won twice in this game. We have yet to do that.

We want to break through that ceiling. We don't want to be just an Elite 8 program, we want to be a Final Four and perhaps a national championship program.

Yeah, until you do it for the first time, you don't really have that blueprint. They've done it, so... Now we want to make sure that's us this time.

Q. You had some success with a combination defense against Mississippi State last time. What made that defense work? Is it the kind of thing you can try out two times in a row?
KELLY GRAVES: Yeah, you wonder who has the advantage, the team that can adjust to how they were played last time or the one that had the success.

I don't know. I don't know the answer to that question. I know we're going to have to try everything. That's the main thing. I think they're one of the best offensive teams in the country. I don't think you can just do one thing because Coach Schaefer is too smart. They will adjust to that.

I think, like against most really good teams, you just have to mix things up, give them different looks. Obviously you start with Teaira inside. She is an incredible player, a movable force, so to speak. You look at Mt. Hood out there in the distance, you could put her right next to it because they're the two tallest things in this area right now.

I'm telling you, she's incredible. But she has others around her. It's funny, they lost four seniors last year, really good seniors. I looked at their starting lineup again, they have another four seniors in it. They've reloaded. They've done it with a great system, great athleticism, great coaching, lots of talent.

Q. You've coached two transcendent point guards, first Courtney and now Sabrina. How do great players make you a better coach? Did you learn anything in coaching Courtney that has helped you bring out the best in Sabrina?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, they've both inspired me to be a better coach. I feel like I have to be prepared, I have to give my best each and every day because I know they always did. I have to live up to their standard.

Yeah, I mean, I've been fortunate, really, two of the best college point guards ever. I see some similarities in the two. I think what sets those two apart from all the others that I've coached, and a lot that I've seen play, is their competitiveness, their determination each and every day.

We talked last night about Sabrina diving into the scorer's table, the opposing team's bench, that's how they play every day. That's what Courtney always brought. She was the first one in the gym. I know it's clich, the last one to leave, but it's the case. Those are the kind that do it.

The time they put in when you're not watching... I know who is going in that gym. We get printouts of who is in and out of the gym with their cards. I've been truly blessed to be able to coach two players like that.

Does that answer your question? Is there a follow-up?

Q. I did wonder if they were similar.
KELLY GRAVES: I think the vision, if you had to look at just one thing that they do, is their vision. They see things. They know players are open before that player knows they're open. They understand angles in passing. I think those are the two things that have set those two apart from any of the players that I've coached.

Q. Your thoughts watching film on State, whether it be when they played in Eugene, moving forward, how improved McCowan is from that game to this point? That was really the only game she seemed flustered with what y'all were doing defensively. She's been defended similarly, handled it better. What have you seen from her since that day?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, I think that's what's made her so strong. I just think she's been consistent all year long. Against us, it wasn't her best night. Credit our defense. I thought we played really well that night, especially Ruthy and Lydia. They did the yeoman's share of work on them, on her that night.

No, I mean, she is what she is. I think the way they play, I really credit Vic. He's created the perfect style to fit her. If you help on penetration, they just lob it to her, it's a layup. If you don't help on the penetration, then the guards make the layups. It's a difficult thing to game plan for. What are you going to try and take away, a layup from a guard or McCowan? The truth is, she just doesn't miss many.

So, yeah, we're going to employ some of the same things we did last time. We have worked on and will work on some new things. We just got to keep it a little bit fresh because, like I said, they're just too smart and she's too good of a player, who has help, by the way. She has help. It's not a one-person show.

Q. I asked Ruthy, you talked about how physical Mississippi State is, kind of hard to simulate that in practice. So in December, what did you do to get ready for that? Did you have to play against Coach Graves? Sabrina said you wanted to be Teaira McCowan but you're really soft.
KELLY GRAVES: True. I'd much rather stand out and shoot threes. I'm more Boris Diaw than Teaira McCowan.

Q. Your idea of her scouting report of you, if it was accurate. You agree?
KELLY GRAVES: I was always a three-point shooter. By the way, that never leaves. That's the last skill that you lose. The most frustrating part about being a practice player from time to time, and I do have to step in, is I know what I want to do, but I'm incapable of doing it. Or if I make that move, they've already beaten me to the spot.

What was the rest of that?

Q. That was it. I wondered your assessment.
KELLY GRAVES: So they're trash talking, huh? I'll get out there today. I'll lay my 240 pounds on Ruthy.

Q. The three-point shooting last night, was that what South Dakota State was doing or was that an off night? Is it going to be critical to open up the spacing by knocking some of those down?
KELLY GRAVES: Yeah, I think we're the best three-point shooting team in the country. So we're not going to have nights like that. Four for 20, I thought we took good shots, had a lot of open looks, they just didn't go.

We can't have another night like that or we're going to be in big trouble tomorrow, no doubt. No, I have confidence in our players. I think it was just one of those things that happened. It happens from time to time. That's why we've preached all year long, all the years I've been there and coached, that you got to be able to rely on the defense.

I thought defensively we were really, really strong last night. So, you know, to know that we were off our shooting game and can still win by double-digits I think is a good sign.

Q. How important was it for you guys to put McCowan in ball screens as frequently as you did in the first matchup?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, yeah, that's what we do. We try to spread people out and make the centers guard us. I mean, that's no secret. I don't know how they'll adjust, but we were fortunate to get some really good looks at the rim last time. I don't think they're going to allow us to do that this time. We have to be ready to adjust to whatever they do.

Yeah, I mean, that's no secret. That's how we play. We want to spread the floor and make centers defend us in the pick'n roll. I don't think I've given anything away (smiling).

Q. You've coached a lot of good players, you've been coaching a long time. I know we've still got some time left, not talking about Sabrina leaving early yet. Did you ever think, especially when you first got into coaching, we'd ever be having this conversation even -- a lot of chatter about her and Jackie at Notre Dame going early. Is it weird to you we're even having this conversation in women's basketball or is it a good thing, a step toward equality?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, I think it's a good thing, no question about it. I mean, obviously we want her to stick around. I think it's great. In the bigger picture, I believe all of these young people, men and women, should be able to make that choice right out of high school. If I look at my son, who is a math whiz, if Microsoft came to him and said, We would love for you to come work for us, we'll pay you three million a year, whatever that salary is, but you can't go to college, you're going to be a pro, we would encourage him to go. I don't know why it's any different with athletes.

I think that's great. That's the way our system operates. So good on her, good on Jackie if that's what they decide. Being a college student-athlete is special. It's a lot of fun. I think what they're experiencing, both of them, just to use two examples, I think it's incredible. They've got to be enjoying this ride.

Q. This is more of a season-long question. It seems like UConn is usually sort of the center of the women's college basketball universe. You have been getting more national attention maybe than any other program besides them. A new thing over the past year or so. What has the adjustment to that been like for you? How has it impacted your team?
KELLY GRAVES: That's a really good question.

First of all, I think it's deserved. This is a fun group. They play good basketball, they're unselfish. When you watch them, they play with lots of joy. They have fun doing what they're doing.

I don't think it's changed us at all. Sabrina is just as humble as she always is. But you look every week, there's a new national article, video feature on her. I don't think it's really changed her at all. Same with the others. I think they're very humble kids. You just saw them all. I don't know if Erin said much. Did Erin say much? Okay, Ruthy probably had a big old smile, happy-go-lucky.

Satou is more kind of thoughtful. Sabrina, as polished a student-athlete as you're every going to see in front of a microphone. They're really good kids. Maite probably didn't say much, right? That's how she plays. She is a superstar who has a chance to play in the WNBA, but she's very happy playing kind of a secondary role in terms of who is getting the attention.

I'm just really blessed to have really nice young women who play their hearts -- they play for each other, they play really, really hard. I'm proud of them. Love each and every one of them.

Again, I don't know if that answers your question or not. Sorry about that.

Q. You said last night that you guys have been open from the beginning about we want to play in Portland, the players were talking earlier before you came in here about they want to go to Tampa. A lot of coaches shy away from that. We're just focused on the next game, whatever. Why did you make that decision to be bold and honest with them from the get-go about these are our goals, it's okay for us to say them out loud?
KELLY GRAVES: We didn't really do it that way I think until recently. If that's what they were saying, I'm glad. I think for the most part we've talked about just the next game, the next game, the next game.

But c'mon, we'd all rather be playing close to home. I don't think there was any doubt about that. That's no secret.

But we had to earn that right. We had to win the Pac-12 championship outright. We did. To me that's the toughest.

Good, I'm glad. Like I said at the start, we don't want to be an Elite 8 program. We've done this now three times in a row. We want to take that next step. I think we've worked hard enough to earn that right to do it. Now we just got to go do it. This is a great circumstance for us. We're in a great position to make that happen.

We know Mississippi State is an amazing team, they are. They want it just as bad, have worked just as hard to earn that right.

Q. You talked about the players, but you didn't mention, has the increased attention gone to your head?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, yeah (laughter). I don't have much of an ego really, so no. They're not coming to see me. If you're coming to look at this, this body of mine, we're in big trouble.

But they have handled I think that pressure better than they could have. It's really funny. It's like traveling with rock stars, seriously. The shout-outs they get on Twitter from big-time pros, LeBron, everybody else. Kobe comes to our game. They call us two days before we're playing at USC. Kobe's assistant, he's bringing his daughter, her friends, Duck fans. They want to meet the team after the game.

You go to play at Washington, Sue Bird is across from our bench. Our governor has come to a couple of our games, our senator Ron Wyden came down during furlough, the federal employees could come for free. He took advantage of it, brought a whole group down from Salem.

If you look at the nine Pac-12 teams that we played, the road games, their average attendance was 2700 on the year. When we played them, it was 5200. It almost doubled. A, we're getting a lot of Duck fans that travel. B, there are a lot of people interested in this group. There's some star power there. We play a fun style. We've gotten a lot of the national attention. I think they're kind of used to this. It's not a big deal.

But I love what they've created. You walked into that place last night. This was incredible. We're not at home. This isn't a home game. But we've got a lot of fans that have traveled, that are interested in this group.

I think it's great. It's great for women's basketball. I truly would love to see Portland host a Final Four. We have two of the best fan bases right here in the country in Oregon State and Oregon. We had a third NCAA tournament team at Portland State. I think we're showing that we can support something like that here.

The Final Four hasn't been on the West Coast in a while. I think it's time for it to come back.

Q. You haven't shied away from the expectations of this team all season. Before the season you had the picture of the Tampa skyline in the locker room, that being the goal. For a lot of casual fans success or failure will be whether or not you reach that. What do you say to those that that's the mindset heading into tomorrow? How do you define success of this team this season?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, we've never said Tampa or bust or anything like that. What people want to say, they're going to say. We have talked most of the year really in terms of just the next game, the next game, the next game. I think we've compartmentalized that pretty well. I think maybe some are starting to say a little bit more.

That's always been our focus. If things don't go well tomorrow, then I'm not going to look upon that as a failure of a season. We've won another Pac-12 championship. We put ourselves into a position to do it.

The other day I was watching the men's tournament on our off day, there are some really good teams in that Sweet 16 who were going home. The fact that we've gotten this far three years in a row, I mean, it's hard. It is not easy to do.

We started this thing five years ago and have really made a quick climb. It just doesn't happen in women's basketball very often. It doesn't happen in power conferences very often, to go from really the bottom to now back-to-back Pac-12 championships.

No, I'm not going to play that game. We're going to go out, give it our best tomorrow. I hope we win. We're going to play hard enough to win. If we do, we're going to be really happy. We'll be humble but we'll be happy. If we don't, we're going to be sad. We're not going to look back and say, This was a failure.

We only really care about what we think of ourselves. I don't really worry about what others say, how they want to judge us. That's up to them. But I'm proud of this group. I hope we can go further because I think they've worked hard for it. This is something that they've wanted.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, coach.

KELLY GRAVES: See you guys.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Sabrina, obviously you were awesome. We know what to expect from Ruthy also. Satou was next level tonight. She said openly she wanted Mississippi State. She was frustrated she didn't play well against them in December. You're a leader. Did you pull her aside and give her any kind of pep talk before the game?
SABRINA IONESCU: I always do. I try to talk to her, what she needs to improve on, what she is great at. She knows. We a have a great relationship.

Rebound, her will to win. Tonight it showed. She wasn't happy with her previous game. She came out really wanting to win. That's what it took for all of us, not necessarily just Satou.

Yeah, definitely one of the best guards I've ever played with.

Q. Sabrina, obviously you get a lot of national attention. So does the team. One of the best players ever, really prominent voice for ESPN, Rebecca Lobo after the game, went on Twitter, one word: Sabrina. What does that mean to you?
SABRINA IONESCU: I hope she's talking about me (laughter).

But it's awesome. I mean, her support for our program, for us as individuals is great. I'm happy that she's out there voicing her opinion. Like coach said, this was one of the absolute best games we ever played in, that I think women's basketball has been a part of.

Honored for her to have tweeted that out. I might respond to it and ask her if she was talking about me (smiling).

Q. Ruthy and Satou, for the second half, Teaira went from 12 and 10 at halftime, seven and five in the second. What did you try to do to contain her from offensive rebounding and trying to contain her, take her off her game offensively?
RUTHY HEBARD: Yeah, I think we just kept it up. We knew what we needed to do to defend her, being physical, pushing her out. We had great guards around us getting rebounding, tipped balls.

SATOU SABALLY: Yeah, just coming out of the halftime, we knew she will take those great shots. She will beast up. I don't know, like, Ruthy did a great job. We all all around did a great job of helping her, pushing her outside, then getting those rebounds.

Q. Sabrina and Ruthy, you said afterwards to Brooke on the court that this feeling was better than you could even imagine. You have been so close. Last year after Notre Dame beat you, did you watch the Final Four? Was it harder to watch knowing you were right there? Do you think that fueled you?
SABRINA IONESCU: Yeah, I was there, Ruthy was there, as well, for some awards that we picked up. I think that experience, there were positives and negatives to being there and watching the teams get escorted by the police and watching the teams get ready to play when your season was over.

We brought that experience back, portrayed them to the team, just told them that, Guys, we can do this, we're right there, we have the tools and ability to get there. I think having that experience, it has definitely helped us and propelled us to this level.

But these past two years when we've made it this far, and we lost in this position, it didn't feel like this. This had a total different feeling to it. I think we were so confident in our ability and our coaches' abilities to get us ready in this position. We were all excited last night. I think that feeling showed today on the court.

RUTHY HEBARD: I remember going and watching the Final Four. I want our team to be here next year. Throughout the season, we've been getting better and better, knocking on the door. This game, we have to make it this time. We were confident. I'm super excited.

Q. To all three, in an intense environment like this, kind of a home crowd, are you able at any time during the ballgame to look around and say, Dang, this is fun? Did you ratchet it up to max the whole time?
RUTHY HEBARD: I had fun when the guards made the threes, when the fans are saying, Go Ducks, I was having fun the whole time.

SABRINA IONESCU: That was the last thing Coach Graves said to us before we went out there today. He said, Have fun. He left it at that. We wouldn't take this moment for granted. Regardless what the outcome was, we wanted to have fun together and continue to have fun, so we did.

The crowd was great when we went on our runs. The floor was shaking. I got goosebumps a few times hearing them, how loud they are, supporting us. We're definitely not taking that for granted.

SATOU SABALLY: The first time I basically looked up into the crowd was after the game. I was like, Oh, my God. I'm kind of like more in the zone. I just hear it when Sab hit that big three in the end. It was just crazy how loud it was. Thank you to everyone that came out. It was amazing.

Q. Ruthy and Satou, you had some emotional moments in the second half where you came up with some huge defensive plays, and your emotional level was high all night. Having the crowd be that supportive, does that help you when you're trying to reach or stay in that emotional state?
RUTHY HEBARD: Yeah, for me it definitely helps. Hearing them, not wanting to let them down, I wanted to go quiet during those hustle plays, that gets the crowd riled up, gets our team riled up. I think it was really fun.

SATOU SABALLY: This is what we're playing for, right? All these people watching, all these little girls or little boys watching up on us. We're a big inspiration for them. Just knowing that everyone has our back and is cheering us on, is traveling all the way, some people were coming from California. It's just amazing to see.

Just knowing this is firing us up, knowing that we have to bring our own emotions into the game, it makes it easier.

Q. Satou, was this kind of what you envisioned in terms of getting another chance to play Mississippi State? What were you trying to do differently coming into this game from the first matchup?
SATOU SABALLY: I was just trying to be more focused. I did not want to do, like, silly mistakes. I wasn't, like, concentrating on getting scores or everything, I was just really concentrating on focusing on my controllables, getting those rebounds, trying to help Ruthy on Teaira, boxing out Howard. Just knowing that everything is, like, unpressured, I tried to take pressure off me.

Obviously knowing that I wanted to be aggressive in the game, just doing my own thing. That's what I did.

Q. What do you think you proved with this particular win? What do you hope it says to your upcoming opponents in the Final Four?
RUTHY HEBARD: Well, I think we just proved that we can do it. I think we proved Oregon is an elite team, that we have great players, a great atmosphere. Hopefully we can go a few more steps further.

SABRINA IONESCU: I mean, I think we proved to ourselves. We're not really trying to prove to the people that did or did not believe in us. We proved to ourselves if we put our minds to it and we put our hearts to it, we can accomplish anything.

All I got to say is we're not done yet. We're not going to be -- of course, we're going to be happy, but we're not going to be pleased with how far we've gotten. I think that's one of the reasons we didn't necessarily set one goal before the season. I know we got a lot of critiques for that. Our goals are farther than one game, a Final Four, something that you can really pinpoint. I think our goals are things that we can control, and everything else will take care of itself.

I'm excited to get to Tampa and continue playing with this team.

Q. Sabrina, you get the ball with a buck-19 to go. Ruthy sets a screen for you. Walk me through that three.
SABRINA IONESCU: That was going in regardless. No other way to say it. I wanted to finish this game off the right way. We've come so far. We played so hard that entire game. I knew it was my time to hit a big-time shot. Ruthy set a great screen, the spacing was great. I think that just shows we've been learning from the games we've been playing in.

At that moment in time, I didn't want it to go to overtime. I didn't want to give them any more opportunities to score. I was also pretty tired. Let me hit this and walk off to the Final Four.

THE MODERATOR: That's the time we have for our student-athletes. Congratulations. Thank you, ladies. Best of luck in Tampa.

We'll open it up to questions for Coach Graves.

Q. Maite's shot was also a dagger. Was that off a design play or part of the offense? Any adjustments you made in the second half?
KELLY GRAVES: I think the one thing we did in the second half, we went more four out. We wanted to put Teaira in 50 ball screens. We started to rescreen a lot. We started to what we call step-up screens so that our kids could take the baseline a little bit more.

I thought we did a really good job, Maite especially, as well as Sabrina. They were our two primary ball handlers, of keeping the dribble alive. From time to time we just pick up the dribble too quick. They kept it alive. Seemed like we got a lot of open shooters.

I think we may have tired Teaira out a little bit. That's tough to go through those ball screens once, but then to have to do it again was difficult. So that was the main thing we did the second half.

Q. And Maite?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, listen, Maite is an unheralded superstar. She is. She's fine with kind of being in the background. But she is certainly a capable basketball player. I think she showed it all tonight. That was a great game. We only had eight turnovers against one of the better defensive teams, pressure defensive teams in the country. That's getting it done.

When she's asked to make big plays, she does it. You look at her history. We owe a lot to her. She's the one that got this whole thing started.

Q. The constant pressure, normally you would assume it would be Sabrina or Maite to break the press. Seemed like everybody contributed to being able to break the press and get into your offense.
KELLY GRAVES: You're right. That's what has to be done in a game like this, against an opponent like this. It is everybody. But the lion's share of that work did fall on our two primary ball handlers. Satou at times was the third one.

Listen, I thought we played about as well as we could have played tonight. I mean, you look at the numbers, again the poise with which we played the entire game. Phenomenal.

Q. All week when you were asked about the location, you said the team had earned the right to play here by having a great regular season. How much of a factor do you think the environment was in this afternoon's final result?
KELLY GRAVES: I thought it was incredible. It's a smart crowd. They know when to kind of cheer and get loud and kind of exhort the team on. There were a few plays tonight when sound had feel. I mean, you could feel it down there on the court.

We didn't win because of the crowd. We won because we really executed well. It was certainly a help, there's no question about that. I'm glad that we got to do this in front of them, truly, because they've been along for the whole ride. They aren't just jumping on now. They've been with us all year.

Q. Your kids seem to have a lot of fun in general, not just this game, but shootaround, loose. You seem to give them a lot of freedom. I'm sure part of that is Sabrina being smart. Was that a conscious thing going into this year, that you were going to make sure they had fun?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, you know me. You've known me for a while. I'm a fun guy (laughter).

I think everybody, whatever they do, I think they perform better when they like what they do and they like who they're doing it with. I think it's just human nature.

It's worked for this group. It might not work with other teams. But with this group, it does. Those are the kind of players we recruit. It's our MO each and every day. It's not just in our games. Like you said, it's in our shootarounds. The ESPN crew that was working the game said we're as loose as any team they've ever worked for or worked with.

Yeah, but I trust them. I had 'calmness' on my wrist today. That's what I try to do. I told them the root of being calm is trusting. I trust my team. I trust them to do the right things. I don't need to get up and micromanage every possession. They know, they're smart, who is supposed to be taking shots and when, who are the play-makers when the game's on the line.

Yeah, I think it all just kind of works together. I'm glad that they were rewarded with a trip to the Final Four.

Q. You did a real nice job at the end on their post player. Their other players were knocking down midrange shots. You had to concede that. How concerned were you that you do everything right defensively and still lose the game?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, when you come up with a game plan, you devise what you want to do. You say, what our thought process was, are they going to make 25 of those twos? Ultimately are they going to make enough? We said no.

Obviously once they made four or five in a row, we had to play them a little bit tighter. But I think everybody goes in with what they want to do. That was one of our, you know, strategies. In the end it worked. But you're right, they made a bunch of them. In the end, not enough.

Q. Lydia had some pretty clutch screens in the first half. What kind of role did she bring to today's game?
KELLY GRAVES: I thought Lydia was great. I don't know what her plus-minus was. I can't read without my glasses now. I thought she did a good job when she was in. The offense during that stretch had kind of gotten a little mojo. We started to move a little bit.

I think with Ruthy sometimes we're so intent on trying to get it in to her. But Lydia doesn't demand that. Again, we're always comfortable when she's in the game. She may not give us a ton of minutes, but they're important minutes, and they were tonight.

Q. In the space of five years, you're in the Final Four. Sort of a variation of what I asked the players, what do you think that proves about your program and what does it mean for women's basketball more broadly that you can take a team to being a championship contender so quickly?
KELLY GRAVES: Yeah, it takes great players. It truly does. We started from scratch, so to speak. There were great kids in the program, really good players. We weren't quite the championship level yet.

I give my staff a ton of credit. They worked their butts off. We had a plan. We stuck to it, recruited really well. You know, Oregon has a lot to sell. It's an amazing university. The athletic department is tremendous. Our relationship with Nike is second to none. It's just kind of a fun place to be.

I think our student-athletes are the real ambassadors. When young women come on campus, they see what it's like, we talk family. A lot of people profess, hey, their culture is about family. Well, they see it and they believe it because it's there.

Just took the right number of kids, a couple of good breaks along the way. But it's been a really fun journey. Hopefully that's not done. But we've taken that next step. Gosh, darn, we've been in this position a couple times, in a losing press conference. It's really nice to make that next step. Who knows what happens from here.

Q. The second half shift to virtually triple-teaming Teaira, and also isolating her on the offensive glass, what was the thought process in that? The shot that I asked Sabrina about at the end, what was the play run on that play?
KELLY GRAVES: Well, if you come to our practices, you see how we drill pick'n roll, all the reads that they get off that each and every day. That was a simple one. If they go under that screen, she's going to be there to make that shot.

I don't think anybody who knows our program or know Sabrina Ionescu thought that wasn't going to go in. That's kind of who she is.

Our plan the whole night, I thought we did a better job of it in the second half, was to put McCowan in as many pick'n rolls as possible. Then they started switching in the second half. We were able then -- with Satou, they would switch Howard onto Ruthy, then Teaira had to take Satou. We started ball screening with Satou. She was able to pick and pop.

We spread the floor much better in the second half. I think that was the key.

Listen, we were trying to keep Teaira down the whole night on the offensive glass. It's difficult to do. She's such an amazing player. That's why I voted for her for an All-American. That's a no-brainer. When you game plan for Mississippi State, she's the first, second and third thing you look at and try to figure out.

I just credit our kids. I thought they played really hard in the second half. Wasn't anything tactically that we did different. I think they played hard and tough. We always say the toughest team wins, and I thought we were the toughest team.

I'm going to test how many texts a phone can get (laughter).

Q. Where are you at?
KELLY GRAVES: Let's take a peek.

THE MODERATOR: 310.

KELLY GRAVES: I'll get to you. May not be tonight, but we have that bus ride home so I'll have some time (smiling).

Q. We talked to you after Friday's game. 63 points, shot-making at a minimum. What's the biggest difference when you're shooting the ball as well as you did today especially with 29 points in the fourth quarter?
KELLY GRAVES: Today the key was we got some really good looks. They were practice shots. I thought part of that was our guards were able to penetrate into the paint, deep along the baseline. Those passes out, those are the kind of catches and shots that you get in practice.

We've been the best three-point shooting team in the country all season long. I knew four for 20 the other night was an aberration. We don't need to pump our players up, you can do it this time. We didn't make a mention of it at all, that, hey, we're going to do better. Tonight we shot 13 of 26 from the three. That's getting it done.

That's because we had great spacing tonight and our guards made plays. Our kids again had confidence and poise and stepped up and made them.

Q. Is there a game you've coached in that you remember the level of play on both sides being this high?
KELLY GRAVES: No. No. I think of maybe the UCLA game we had last year that went overtime or double overtime. It was on ESPN. But, no, this was as good a game as I've been a part of. I thought both teams played really well. Both teams played well enough to win the game. We just made a few extra plays down the stretch.

Kind of reminded me of that Virginia game last night against Purdue. Two really good teams. They were making shots. It was like a heavyweight fight. We just kept getting back up off the canvas and battling some more.

I thought it was well played. Total turnovers, 14 for the whole game. 37 assists, 14 turnovers -- 39 assists, not very many fouls, both field goal percentages were good. Just a well-played basketball game. I thought it was great. Great showcase.

Q. Sabrina is so good, we all know that, but she can be good quietly. Do you ever look at the stat sheet, Whoa, she almost had a triple-double again? Are you surprised or aware all the time?
KELLY GRAVES: I'm never amazed at anything she does. After three years, anything she does, you just expect the incredible.

I thought tonight she was purposely kind of let things happen early in the game. She didn't do much until almost near the first media timeout. I remember that in the timeout we talked about we got to get Sabrina the ball, we got to get her involved. Then we did.

But she knows. She knows she can't do it all by herself. That's where she has grown the most as a player. I look at the Notre Dame game last year, this very same game, she just tried to put too much on her shoulders. I always believe in her, so I kind of allow it to happen. But I think this year she's really, really matured in that area.

Q. What does it mean to make this run with your two seniors?
KELLY GRAVES: Oh, you know, I owe so much to Oti Gildon and Maite Cazorla. They were the two that really took a chance on us. We didn't have much to sell at the time other than a beautiful arena and a good-looking coach (smiling). Bad joke and not true obviously.

But they took a chance on us. They have been just tremendous leaders. Oti gets underlooked, undervalued, perhaps, by maybe people who watch us play or just follow the team kind of at a distance. But those who knows us, her teammates, she is the rock. She has been the rock for four years. We owe a lot to her.

Same with Maite. I was really glad that Maite stepped up tonight on this biggest stage because she's going to be a long time pro and long time Olympian for Spain. We're going to see her playing for many, many years.

I love those two. Again, they've been not just great leaders for our team, but in our athletic department and university.

Q. You talk about how satisfying an effort and performance this was from your team in the biggest game of the year. A lot was made of the matchup with McCowan down low. You each scored 30 points in the paint in the end and you out-rebound Mississippi State. How satisfying is that?
KELLY GRAVES: Very satisfying. If you would have told me those were going to be the numbers, I would have said we have a good chance to win. I'm just proud of the team. They fought. They fought tonight.

Q. Are you going to wear a suit at the Final Four?
KELLY GRAVES: No, no (smiling). You know how this all started? This actually came from Nike. I kind of had an idea. As soon as I said, Hey, I'm thinking of doing this, the Nike representative for women's basketball said, Oh, my gosh, Kelly, we've wanted a staff to do this. They really like to showcase their shoes, all that kind of stuff.

I know, I know you probably want me to.

Q. I just wondered.
KELLY GRAVES: No, no, I think we're going to go with what's been working. This is kind of who we are. I think people, they wouldn't recognize us if we came out in a jacket and tie, yeah.

Thank you very much.

THE MODERATOR: 400 text messages waiting. One more question.

Q. In your introductory press conference 2014, you complimented Stanford for raising the bar on the West Coast and your goal was to overtake them. What do you feel needs to be done to achieve that mark?
KELLY GRAVES: We haven't overtaken them yet. They're still the standard by which we're all judged.

I just thought we wanted to elevate West Coast basketball, Pac-12 basketball, for a long time. I was looking at it from a distance in the WCC, Stanford and everybody else. The everybody else were good, but they weren't at that level.

Just look in the last few years, Oregon State has been to a Final Four, Cal went in 2013, Washington went to a Final Four, Stanford has been to a few, now we have. That's five Pac-12 programs in the last six or seven years that have now been to Final Fours. I think that's showing that, yes, the conference is being elevated, no question about it.

But I think Coach VanDerveer is one of the best coaches in the country, runs an amazing program. I would love, I would love to run a program like she does. That's been our goal.

Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. What does it mean that you get to start in your home with all of your fans? What are you feeling like?
BROOKE McCARTY: It's very exciting. I mean, I said all year, our fans are like our sixth man out there. Just to be out there, playing in front of them, feel their excitement, because I know they're probably more excited than us, it's just really exciting. Really looking forward to it.

ARIEL ATKINS: Basically what Brooke said. It's definitely exciting. We get to see them screaming and hollering and going crazy for us during the game. They're just a support all season long. It means a lot to be able to play in front of them again.

Q. How are you approaching this last NCAA tournament and what is at stake personally?
BROOKE McCARTY: I think I'm just kind of going day by day, approaching it probably as just -- let's see.

I don't really know. I'm just taking it day by day, having fun with it, enjoying these last moments. Especially getting to play here for probably our last time, it's just a lot of emotions that go into it. I'm taking it day by day and going with the process.

ARIEL ATKINS: Absolutely taking it day by day. It's one of those things you don't want it to end. I love this team, this culture. Being a part of it has just been kind of a surreal feeling. I'm just thankful to be here, excited to keep it going.

Q. What are the challenges that Maine is going to bring?
ARIEL ATKINS: They have shooters, people that can drive. Their guards are pretty versatile. They can score basically at every level. That will present a challenge for us.

BROOKE McCARTY: They stick to what they do and execute very well. We're going to have to stay disciplined, kind of know personnel, follow the game plan.

Q. At the beginning of the season was there a conversation of Final Four or bust?
BROOKE McCARTY: Not really. Of course, that's the common goal. I think we did a really good job this year of taking it day by day, worrying about who we have to play the next day.

Of course, it's a goal. At the same time we have opponents in front of us who on any given night can show you anything. We just have to kind of stay in the moment.

ARIEL ATKINS: Definitely taking it day by day. I don't think honestly at this point anything would be a (indiscernible) to our entire career. I think we came here and have given Texas everything we have, although we still have more to go. Like I said earlier, we're just thankful to be a part of this program. At this point it's just fighting for the next day.

Q. How do you compensate for two important players being injured?
BROOKE McCARTY: I think they definitely are important to our team. Audrey has been out for a while now. I think we kind of tried to fill that role as best as we can. Rellah, she brings a lot to the table, too. We have the people who we have, so we have to play, go to the next day, keep rolling.

Q. What are some advantages you feel like you have over Maine for the game tomorrow?
ARIEL ATKINS: I would think our length. Me personally, I'm kind of a long guard. Our posts have a height advantage, I believe, with Jatarie being two to three inches taller than their tallest post player. I think that will be part of our advantage tomorrow.

BROOKE McCARTY: I would piggyback off what she said. I think we have a post advantage. We kind of need to feed off of them tomorrow.

Q. Is there more excitement knowing that this is your last time in the NCAA tournament?
ARIEL ATKINS: I'm extremely excited. You dream about this since you're a little kid. For it to be my last time being in this tournament, I guess you could say it's not nerve-wracking, but it is butterflies. This is my last time, my last chance to be a part of this program that has continuously been in this tournament. Just can't say enough about it.

I think our coaches have done a really good job preparing for it every year, making sure it's one of our main goals, to be in this tournament.

BROOKE McCARTY: Definitely. I mean, I don't think it's necessarily hit me yet that it's our last time playing in the NCAA tournament. I think it will tomorrow maybe when we get to run out there in front of our fans again, everything like that.

I don't know. It's not hit me yet. It's just crazy to think this is our last go around.

Q. What does Coach Aston mean to you?
BROOKE McCARTY: I'm very thankful for her. You can't really see it when you first get here. You can't really see the light at the end of the tunnel. As I look back, just kind of remember everything that has gone on here, she has been a person that pushed me to my limits and past my limits. She's kind of made me a better player and a better person at the same time. She's so passionate about her job, you can't help but be passionate about playing for her.

When you look back on it, it's my last couple times playing for her. Nobody has pushed me how she's pushed me these past four years. I'll be forever grateful for that.

ARIEL ATKINS: Actually, I think 'passion' is one word you obviously hear when you hear coach's name. Her passion, her belief in Texas when she first took the job here, you couldn't explain it.

When she relayed that to me when I was trying to come here, you could feel the passion in her voice. You could hear how much she wanted to do for Texas. That's something you just can't help but believe in.

I believed in what she was trying to do here. She's just a great person, somebody you really can't put into words what she's done for you here. I'm extremely thankful.

THE MODERATOR: We'll dismiss the student-athletes and continue with questions for coach.

Q. What kind of relationship do you have with Brooke and Ariel?
KAREN ASTON: It's really special. I've said this many times. I've been fortunate to, in my career, have coached some really good point guards, which one of them is my assistant coach. Brooke ranks up there with the best of them.

She reflects me. The words she just used were 'passion'. You don't see it sometimes because he's not as emotional maybe, but Brooke is very passionate about basketball and passionate about being the best she can be.

I would say the same thing for Ariel. They reflect I think my feelings about the game, and they reflect what they came here for, the same thing I came here for. They're a mirror of me and how I feel about Texas. They're a mirror of what our jobs are.

My job when I got here was to do everything I could to make Texas better. When I took the job, that's all it was about to me. When I recruited them, that's all it was about to them. They wanted to impact our basketball program. I mean, knocked it out of the park with that.

That's all I have to say. They have been model student-athletes at Texas. Their impact will be felt, you know, way past when we're all here just because of what I think the fans think of them and what the people across the country think of them.

It's hard for me to think about. I've been with them so long, it's just really hard. I think today is the first day it hit me when you guys started talking to them that they're about to be done here.

Q. How big of an advantage do you have hosting?
KAREN ASTON: I think there's a comfort in being at home and sleeping in your own bed, not having to get on the plane and travel. I don't know, I mean, if you reflect back to last year, once we started to make the run against NC State, the crowd definitely was a factor in that game because we started to feed off them.

I will say even through my experiences at Cal, once you get between the lines, it's a basketball game, and everybody is here to win. Everybody has the same goal and the same purpose. So I'm not sure the advantage is felt once the game begins other than if it gets tight and your team can fuel.

I do say from that experience, though, that where I think hosting comes into play is possibly down the line if you do advance. We felt the pain of the travel, needless to say, when we left the west coast and had to go east in the regionals. I'll say I'm not sure it's as big of an advantage maybe in the moment, other than the chance to play in front of your fans. But as you go along, it probably does weigh in.

Q. Do you see a difference between postseason last year vs this year?
KAREN ASTON: I do. I do. I think because we have a mix of youth with our older players. I mean, you have to be careful with these two because they're in the gym all the time, so I have to limit their time and practice. We've tried to be sharp and crisp, not spend a lot of time, because we do have experienced guards.

I think Jatarie has gotten so much experience playing, and four out of our five starters are pretty seasoned. I think we've been able to be pretty sharp and pretty precise with what we're looking for.

I will be honest, that we had some time after the loss to reflect, take a few days off maybe, even regroup and get our pep back again. That was a difficult loss in a lot of ways. I think we needed the time to regroup. I mean, I gave them a weekend off. Some of them got to go home. I think just seeing their moms, having some home cooking, things like that, is really good for kids sometimes.

Q. Do you feel like you have an edge in length and height vs Maine?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I definitely would agree that we potentially could have an advantage in the paint. I think what we have to be careful of is that we are a pretty free-flowing team when we're good. Even though we have an advantage, I think we need to be careful about thinking we're just going to pound the ball inside. I would guess they'll have some answers for that in some ways.

I think being aware of taking what the defense is giving you is really important for tomorrow. Maine presents some different problems for us, definitely for us on the defensive end. I think we just need to stay aggressive. We need to stay in our style of play.

Our guards have been our best scorers all year long. Even though I think we have an advantage, we need to do what's available. If that means the guards are open for shots, they need to take shots, because they're our main scorers.

I think what we don't need to do is forget about the post players.

Q. Is front court depth a worry for you?
KAREN ASTON: No. She wasn't playing a lot of minutes. I think first of all, when you get towards tournament play, I mean, we were able luckily in the Big 12 tournament to play a lot of people because we did have a lead in both games where we were able to do that.

I mean, the rotation trims in tournament play. I think that's a realistic statement. I think the bigger key is just getting everybody prepared, even if it's a minute or two. I feel very comfortable with Mide coming in and giving us a few minutes of defense and rebounding. I feel very comfortable with Khale. Even though she hasn't gotten the minutes, when I watch her in practice, you can tell she's the most comfortable she's been all year. She missed a large portion of the year with injury.

I feel fine. I feel really good about where we are. I think we've got to continue to get Joyner in the spaces she's comfortable. I think that's up to the coaching staff, not Joyner.

Q. How can Joyner get her footing right?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I think one thing that I've had to remind myself repeatedly is that Joyner missed -- I'm going to preface this with saying there's a reason why you practice. There's a reason why the NCAA gave us opportunity to work with our student-athletes in the summer. Because you wanted to work with their skills, you wanted to have some time to work on offensive skill work, footwork, timing, breakdowns of offense. All of those things, I'm assuming that was the reason why the NCAA gave us leeway to work with them in the summer.

There's a huge advantage to that. That's all we work on in the summer, is offensive skill work. If you're putting in an offensive scheme, then you get to work on those schemes the summer and fall. Joyner missed all that.

What has been the challenging part is that we have guards that are very free-flowing, and the offense that we ran was probably predicated on what our guards are capable of doing. Now we're implementing Joyner in that system that she missed some time in. It's taken us some time sometimes to figure out where is she the most comfortable and what offensive scheme does that work with.

Against certain opponents there's certain things you have to look for. I think that's the challenge of our staff. I don't even just mean Joyner. When you put Jordan in, what offensive scheme works best with a certain lineup. I think we've tinkered with some things over the break that I think will help. But she needs to be in spaces where she's comfortable.

Q. How much film have you watched on Maine?
KAREN ASTON: A lot.

Q. What do you think of Maine?
KAREN ASTON: I think the players hit it on the head pretty good. At least they're listening.

They can shoot. They've got a lot of craftiness to them. They can pass the basketball really well. They run offensive schemes that make you move a lot defensively. They can shoot the three really well. They kind of test your discipline.

I thought Brooke hit that on the head, that they need to be a very disciplined defensive team. I think there's some mismatch challenges for both teams. I think that there's a chance we'll have to go with four guards tomorrow some. I'm very comfortable with that if we do that.

I think if anybody watched us sort of down the stretch, there were times in Big 12 play we went to the four-guard lineup. It's actually a very effective lineup for us. Won't shock me if we don't need to do that some tomorrow just because of how they spread the floor and their capabilities at their forward position.

Q. What pressure does four guards put on the other team?
KAREN ASTON: I definitely think that's been part of why that lineup against specific teams has been good for us. It enables us to sort of revert back to the offense that we ran pretty consistently in the first semester. I think that lineup gives everybody a little bit of a different look.

Having Ariel at the forward position is a mismatch problem. Again, we have to be able to match up defensively to be able to do that. So that's the challenge sometimes. There's not too many teams we can't do that with, but there are a few. That's not a reality for us. But I like it. I'm very comfortable with a four-guard lineup.

To answer your question, again, Maine can really spread it, and they can score in a lot of different ways. We're going to have to be really good on defense.

Q. Are you able to give any details on why Rellah wont be available for the tournament?
KAREN ASTON: No.

Q. How is your team going to adjust to a team they have never played before?
KAREN ASTON: I think that's the fun part about the NCAA tournament, is that you can breathe a little bit. I would say every coach in the country, every player in the country kind of feels that way. You get away from conference play, in particular in the Big 12, because of the fact that we play the double round-robin, by the time you get to the second one, everything has come to a screeching halt because you know each other so well.

It is a breath of fresh air for us. I think to be able to play someone that's maybe not quite as familiar with the way we play or the tendencies of our individual players. I mean, Maine would probably say the same thing.

It's just a little bit of an adjustment period as you go along in the game to get used to someone's style of play. I think it's a little bit of a breath. We enjoy it. It's a new season. I think the players enjoy having that reset button pushed.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, coach.


Q. Robbi, the Pac-12, very tough conference. How has the conference play driven you towards going forward in the NCAA tournament?
ROBBI RYAN: Yeah, our conference is tough. Every game can go either way. Depends who shows up that day. It's been great for us, a great learning experience. It just prepares us for any game we have this season, especially now in March. Every game we've had this season has been a tough one. We've had to earn every win.

Q. Courtney, after you lost Haines early in the season to the injury, how did the team have to change, or did it change, to make up for her loss?
COURTNEY EKMARK: I think any time a team loses a player, it's something that you have to adjust to. We always talk about the importance of evaluating and adjusting.

I think we just had to pull together, and everyone just had to step up a little bit more. It actually could help us because we knew we were missing a good player. I think that really pushed us all to be better.

Q. Kianna, what is it going to take to beat Nebraska?
KIANNA IBIS: I would just say it's going to take a lot of hard work and effort from each and every one of us. Everybody has to step up. But it's usually not about the other team, it's always about us, what we can control.

Q. Kianna, you spent some time with Maddie Simon. What do you have as far as stories?
KIANNA IBIS: I haven't gotten to hang out with her a lot. I just know a little bit about her. She's really friendly, really cool. That's all. That's all I really know.

Q. For any of the players, you led the Pac-12 in scoring defense. How would you describe the mindset to your defensive approach? What do you think you do best in limiting what teams can do offensively?
ROBBI RYAN: We kind of play a pressure-style defense, really try to bother their team, not let them do what they want to do. I think that is a very key aspect to our defense, what makes other teams struggle.

KIANNA IBIS: Like she said, we really emphasize on making teams uncomfortable with our defense.

COURTNEY EKMARK: I think they pretty much covered it. Definitely focus on it a lot.

Q. Courtney, what would it mean for you guys to leave here Monday night with a victory and go to the Sweet 16 for your school?
COURTNEY EKMARK: Well, I think we're just taking it one game at a time. We're focused on our first game first. Obviously looking forward to making a run. That would be awesome.

It's a great time of the year. Anything can happen. We're playing well, so we're excited.

Q. Robbi or Kianna, how does the experience of going through last year, taking South Carolina basically to the last minute, help you in preparation for this year?
KIANNA IBIS: I would just say it shows no matter what ranking somebody is, we know if we can control, we can control, we can hang with any team out there.

ROBBI RYAN: I think it makes us even hungrier this year. We were so close last year. I think we're just coming back, really trying to focus, just finish it out, finish strong.

THE MODERATOR: We will dismiss our student-athletes. Thank you for your time.

We'll open it up for questions for coach.

Q. You lose your point guard, and you have the number one and two players in the Pac-12 in assist-to-turnover ratio. How does that happen?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Sabrina was more of a combo guard for us, but she did play the point.

The sophomore class for us is pretty special, pretty beyond their years. They got complete baptism by fire. Like Robbi said so eloquently, a possession away from knocking off South Carolina.

They've really been asked that a lot this year. I think it's just their maturity, all their experience they got their freshman year to come back, be decision makers, and be more consistent.

Q. For those of us who don't get to see you play a whole lot, can you describe the defensive effort you put forth.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: We've been a little different. It's funny listening to these guys. We're not pressuring that much this year. We played a lot of zone. You don't know what we're going to do this year because we don't have the depth, so we've had to be more strategic.

We've done a lot of different things this year with the same results, which I'm really pleased and proud of. We've traditionally been one of the top two or three teams in the Pac-12 for defense.

This year, we shoot a little bit better. We've scored a little bit better than in some years. Our defense has stayed steady. I think it just depends on our matchup. Obviously Nebraska, it's hard. It's not like just Gulich, like Oregon State, one or two players. They really can score at all the positions.

But we pride ourselves on great position defense without fouling. Much like Nebraska, just working hard, not allowing people to play to their strengths.

But I do think it's funny. We're kind of known for that. Really this year, it's been a little bit different. The team has adjusted game to game really well. If we say, Hey, we're doing this this game, they just bought in, went with it. It's really helped us this year.

Q. A question about Nebraska. They're tied I think for the biggest turnaround in the country. What does that tell you about the mentality of your opponent?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, they're confident. Yeah, I mean, obviously anybody getting their seed, having the success they did in a BCS conference, is a team that's playing well together, that knows who they are.

They have a very good level of toughness. You see that. You see it not just in their record, but obviously in this day and age you get every game that people have played except their closed scrimmage. There's nothing you don't know about an opponent.

It's funny because we had a couple common opponents, Buffalo. I saw them, I watched that game, they were a different team. Even Washington State, they're a different team. Now watching them, whew. They have improved immensely and really have come together.

Q. I think it was Robbi who talked about how close you got last year to get to the Sweet 16, how it hurt. How does that experience shape your team coming into this?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I'm glad you asked them. I'm glad she said, We're hungry. Obviously as a coach, it's really their mindset and their passion that is going to drive the team from this day forward.

They're a fun group. They have both. They have the tough mindset. My 14-year-old son is like a basketball savant junky and kind of a math whizz. He's done the analytics of everything.

Mom, you've played the most top 25 teams, tied for third in the country, blah, blah, blah, this, that and the other thing.

Really, there's nothing this team hasn't seen. They do believe in themselves. They know they obviously have to play well and stuff. We've had a lot of tough environments, a lot of tough teams this year. This is another opportunity for them.

Q. Kind of a local question, but do you have any history of playing in Austin or against Texas, period?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah. When I was a GA at Washington, I remember we played here. Actually, when I was a senior at Stanford, we lost here in the Sweet 16. I think back in the day, it was Tara against Jodie. As a G at Washington, we came here. I just remember we needed trash cans at the corner of the court because we had two kids with the stomach flu. I remember Amy Mickelson having to go to the trash can during the game and throw up.

We played early in my career here a couple times, we've done a home and home. We've done a home and home scrimmage. That's the most recent experience we've had with UT is closed scrimmages, to be honest. Ironically we're trying to get one set up for next year. Ironically we're trying to get one set up with Nebraska next year, so go figure.

Yeah, I mean, a great environment. Great basketball town. Great place to play. Obviously hostile environment, but a fun one. Karen has just done an unbelievable job here getting this program back to really where they've been in the past, a national championship-caliber program.

Q. You come in with the SXSW music festival going around. Have your players wanted to go downtown?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: The coaches might, but... No, no.

Bad timing for us. We're kind of locked in right now. I think we'll just kind of use our playlist on our iPhones and go with that this weekend.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Blanca, Texas is a lot taller than you guys, flat out. Your tallest starter is about 6-1and then youve got 6-4, 6-3. How do you combat that part of the game?
BLANCA MILLAN: We know we have to focus boxing out, basically work really hard under the basket. We know they are athletic, so we got to work with that.

TANESHA SUTTON: Basically, like Blanca said, just boxing out, rebounding, really emphasizing that. Just go out there and do what we do, attack the basket, take open shots.

Q. Blanca, how does a kid from Spain end up in Maine and hows the NCAA Womens Tournament playing back home?
BLANCA MILLAN: I mean, I always knew I wanted to play college basketball here. After, like, a long process of recruiting, Maine was the best thing for me. So I just came here. Now it's like living a dream.

Last year we lost the championship game so we couldn't come, so right now it's very exciting to be here. Everybody follows college basketball, and even more March Madness, so...

Q. Tanesha, Amy just had the interim tag knocked off three or four weeks ago. Can you talk about her role in bringing this team from last year to this year, to the point that youre on right now?
TANESHA SUTTON: Coach Amy has done, like, a tremendous job with us over the past few years. She's just been working to get us to where we are now. Even with new people added to our team, we just went out there this year with the same, what should I say, motto.

She did a tremendous job. We love playing for her. She really trusts in us, too. We trust in her, too.

Q. For the players, when you stepped out of your league, you played Mississippi State, Ohio State, some of these Power Five conferences. How do you feel like you guys matched up physically, speed-wise with the programs that are supposed to have those kind of athletes?
BLANCA MILLAN: We know they are really athletic team. We just focus on our game plan and try, like, to run our things so we can stay with them. Work really, really hard, that's it.

TANESHA SUTTON: I mean, basically like what Blanca said. Just go out there with a game plan, work really hard. A lot of teams during the non-conference had a lot of height advantage and stuff over us, but we still went out there and worked hard.

Q. Blanca, what are the biggest challenges that Texas gives you from a player standpoint?
BLANCA MILLAN: I mean, I think basically they are really athletic team. We know that they play really hard basketball. It's going to be a tough game. But we also know we worked really hard, so we are ready to go out there.

Q. For both players, can you talk a little bit about the euphoria of last Friday? Winning the America East championship and now, kind of, having this whole week to process that, put that behind you, and play here in the NCAAs?
TANESHA SUTTON: We won the American East Conference championship, it was quite a day for us. All the hard work paid off. Right after that, we had to get ready for the NCAA tournament, start working on game plans, preparing for Texas.

BLANCA MILLAN: I mean, what she basically say. We had, like, three days to enjoy the wins and everything, then get back to work, so...

Q. One of the things I know about this team is that you guys are really a closely knit group. I mean, it is one of the truly close families Ive seen in the years that Ive been doing Maine basketball. Talk about how you guys get along so well and it really is that team unit.
BLANCA MILLAN: I mean, we do basically everything together. Like the freshmen that they came this year, they were so close to us. Like the first weeks, it seemed like we were at least one year together. We did a lot of, like, bonding from pre-season.

With that, it really help us on the court. Now we are, like, everything together. I think is one of the best things we have.

TANESHA SUTTON: Yeah, I think it really shows when we play on the court, too, as well.

Q. Blanca, do you guys feel like an international team? You guys have got four starters from outside the country.
BLANCA MILLAN: Yeah, I mean, it's a completely different basketball, but when you are there, like almost all of us is the second year here. I don't know, it feels like we are from here basically.

It's different, maybe because language and all that. But basketball-wise, once you know how everything works, it's basically the same.

Q. Blanca, you said at the very beginning, you said, I always knew that I wanted to play basketball here. But when you were in Spain, what drew you to thinking that you wanted to play college basketball in the United States and how old were you at the time?
BLANCA MILLAN: I didn't know. I was really young. I had an idea of what I wanted to do, but I really didn't know until I came here and saw how everything works.

THE MODERATOR: We'll dismiss our student-athletes and continue with questions for coach.

Q. Amy, how does a program like Maine put together such an international flavor to its roster? How does that even develop?
AMY VACHON: Well, it goes back when we first got here, Coach Barron was the head coach. In the springtime, we were in need of players. We had lost a lot of players to not playing any more, transferring down.

In April, March, in the United States, you're not going to find a lot of Division I players still available. We really worked hard. Coach Barron went on an international (indiscernible), per se, and we signed six kids that spring. They were all international.

Since then, that class graduated in 2016, and that pipeline has remained. The kids have a great experience at Maine. Maine is a really special place. They are family. They're supported. We get great crowds. It's a great academic school.

It's hard. When their parents send them halfway across the world, they know their kids are going to be taken care of. That's really important. So the experiences that the former players have had help. We've been very fortunate to continue that pipeline.

Q. Its one thing when youre trying to put together, to mesh a roster, thats put together with different parts of one state or form multiple states. But when. Youre doing it from across borders and countries, is there anything in particular that stands out thats a challenge for that?
AMY VACHON: I mean, I think Blanca said it. At first, maybe language. They all speak English. People ask that a lot. They all speak English, they all understand English very well. But sometimes using slang terms or that kind of thing can be lost.

But basketball is basketball. No matter where you are in the world, that round ball can unite a lot of different people from a lot of different places. For us, it really has. I mean, you forget that they're all from all around the world. It's just that they're all from Maine, and it's pretty cool.

Q. How do you combat the size advantage Texas has?
AMY VACHON: I mean, it's tough. I'm hoping that the experience we had playing against the bigger teams in non-conference will help us. But you got to mix it up. Like the girls said, you have to box them out. They're going to get rebounds. They're going to get lobs. They're a lot bigger than us, so they're going to get some of those shots.

We want to try to make them take the shots that they're not comfortable taking. We understand they're bigger than us. We're not going to go down and post Nesha up against their big kids. But we'll try and do some different things, so...

Q. If you can define how its been for you from a personal standpoint since last January to this March, having done such a great job and them finally taking the interim tag off.
AMY VACHON: It's really surreal. I honestly get kind of emotional thinking about it. The last, I don't know, 14, 15 months have just been a rollercoaster ride. I never would have thought that this was even possible.

But I give credit, complete credit, to those 13 kids in that locker room. They said it. They trusted me and they trusted our staff completely. That's not easy. You're coming with a head coach that had never been a head coach before last January, and they completely trusted us.

It is, it's surreal, it's been an amazing experience.

Q. For those who dont know, can you talk about why the transition was made? Did something happen with the former coach, or did something happen to him late, or maybe hes back into coaching?
AMY VACHON: Coach Barron, Richard Barron, has been the head coach since 2011, I believe. Did a fantastic job. He hired me on as an assistant maybe a week after, so I've been with him from the beginning. Just tremendous, turned this program right around.

Then in January of 2017, in the fall he was feeling really ill, but it got to a point in January he had to step away because he was really not feeling well.

Long story short, they found out what was wrong. He had a craniotomy done in July at UCLA. They were able to really cure him. He lost his hearing in one of his ears, but he's doing fantastic.

He took a year. With all that uncertainty, the decision was made to have a year off for him so he could kind of take care of himself. He could leave the program in capable hands while he got better. Since then he's made a complete recovery.

There was a coaching change on the men's side in our school a couple weeks ago, and he was named the men's coach. I guess it's a week, two weeks ago now. He's now our men's coach and I'm the women's coach. Works out for me.

He's down the hall. He's been a great mentor to me. He's healthy and back coaching. That's the story.

Q. Did he want his old job back?
AMY VACHON: You know what, I mean, I don't know. I'll say this about Coach Barron. He's my biggest supporter. He really is. He has always said, even when he first hired me, one of the first things he said to me was, Amy, I want this to be your job when I leave.

I played at Maine. I'm from Maine. When I played, we went to the NCAA tournament every year. We beat Stanford in the first round. There's a lot of history there.

The first thing he ever said to me. I kind of looked at him like, You're crazy, no way. At that point I didn't even know if I wanted to be an assistant coach. I was pretty content with me life as a middle school guidance counselor.

I tried it because I wanted to see what it was like. He would always say that to me. So while this wasn't at all how either of us expected it to happen, when he saw how well the girls were doing, how well this program was doing that he built, I think he kind of said, You know what, it's in really good hands and I'm good with that.

Again, he's been my biggest supporter. I wouldn't be here without him.

Q. Any words of wisdom for your team regarding to how to pull an upset in the tournament? You were there for one.
AMY VACHON: I was. It was a little different. We were a 10 seed (laughter).

That being said, what I've been telling the girls all week is, first of all, to enjoy it. There are a lot of kids who never have that opportunity. So to enjoy the experience of being in the NCAA tournament. Then once you enjoy it, compete, compete like heck.

We have a game plan. I know these kids well. We've said it every game we played. We don't know what's going to happen, if we're going to win or we're going to lose. I know if they compete and leave everything on the floor, they have nothing to hang their head about. Those are the two things that I tell them.

You never know. Stranger things have happened. I really like our team. As hard as it will be for us to guard them, they have to guard us, too. We have some really, really talented players on our team. So I'm really happy for them to be able to showcase their individual skills and our team as well, so...

Q. Do you have any history with either the Texas basketball team or the city of Austin?
AMY VACHON: I do not. Our assistant coach, Jhasmin player, played at Baylor, is from Bay City. She played actually for Karen Aston for a year. Karen was an assistant at Baylor. So she has a lot of history with Texas. She has a ton of family coming.

But personally, I do not.

Q. Baylor is like a fan-favorite around here.
AMY VACHON: I bet they are. It's like a curse word to say (laughter).

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Hannah, looking at the stats, it looks like there's no superstars, it's more of an all-for-one mentality. Tell me about the makeup of your team.
HANNAH WHITISH: We talked about at the beginning of the year our team motto we were going to go with is 'family'. I think the way this team has played offensively and defensively this year has definitely followed that up.

Yeah, there really isn't one person that kind of takes over. Everybody plays a role. We all do it very well.

Q. Who among you said at the beginning of the season you're going to make the NCAA tournaments after last year? And why did you feel that way?
JASMINE CINCORE: We were still transitioning from a new staff. We had a lot of new players come in. We were very young. I just saw something great within this team. We've made a huge turnaround, as you can see.

Q. Jazz, you've been to the NCAA tournament before as a freshman. Does it mean more now as a senior?
JASMINE CINCORE: I would say yes, it does mean more. Freshman year, a lot of things are happening. This time, after having some seasons under my belt, going through four completely different seasons to this one, means a lot more.

Q. Maddie, the Big Ten, how did that prepare you for bigger games that you're going to start playing tomorrow?
MADDIE SIMON: I think the Big Ten is an amazing conference with tough teams we play every single game. You can't take a night off, and every game is going to be a challenge. There's going to be a lot of girls that are athletic, that can guard, that can score. I think the Big Ten has really prepared us for whoever we're going to face.

We talk about Arizona State being a tough defensive team, a tough rebounding team. I think that's what we've saw every game in the Big Ten, so I think we're ready for that.

Q. Do they remind you of any one team that you played?
MADDIE SIMON: We talked about how they actually remind us of ourselves. They're balanced. They like to do some of the same things we do. We see that as a good matchup for us, being similar to us.

Q. Jasmine, what has been the single biggest difference between last season and this one?
JASMINE CINCORE: I'd go back to what Hannah said. This time we came up with the word 'family' and everyone is pretty committed to it. You saw the determination on everyone's face in the pre-season for us, to be determined not to have a season like we did before. That's the biggest difference.

Q. Hannah, what would it mean to the program to move forward to the Sweet 16?
HANNAH WHITISH: I think we're just going to take this one game at a time and do everything we can to control every game we can.

Q. Let's say, for example, you do win these next two games, what would it mean to go that far?
HANNAH WHITISH: I think it would mean a lot to everybody on this team, especially with the season we had last year. It would mean so much.

Q. Hannah, what kind of goals did your coach set out for the team? Where was this team's ceiling?
HANNAH WHITISH: At the beginning of this year, she wanted us, and we all bought into it, every game we wanted to be the hardest working team on the floor. As long as we did that, we were going to like the outcome.

Q. Maddie, you're from Lincoln. Your mom was an athlete at the University of Nebraska. How much does this mean to you now?
MADDIE SIMON: This means a lot to me just watching this Husker program be successful, when I was a little girl watching. It means a lot to be able to be a part of that with some amazing girls.

Q. What is your background as far as your mother played sports here?
MADDIE SIMON: My mom ran track and field in the '80s. Being from Lincoln, I've just been around the program for a while.

Q. This is a big weekend for the city of Austin, biggest music festival in the country. Do you plan to stay out till 1 or 2 in the morning listening to music?
MADDIE SIMON: Maybe if we advance to the Sweet 16. Until then I think we're going to get some sleep and try to prepare for the game.

THE MODERATOR: We'll dismiss the student-athletes.

We'll continue with questions for coach.

Q. What did you see as the ceiling for this team? What did you think was possible this year?
AMY WILLIAMS: To be quite honest with you, we had a meeting in the summer. A couple of the girls were kind of leading part of that meeting. They were talking about what we have to do to get to 20 wins, 20 wins, 20 wins.

To be quite honest with you, inside I was really thinking that might be fairly lofty goals with everything considered.

As I watched them, their work ethic, the number one most asked question I've received this year was, What was the key to your turnaround, what was it, how did you go from seven wins to 21 wins. Honestly, I watched them work extremely hard from the time that our final buzzer went off one year ago, all post-season.

The commitment was really made mostly in strength and conditioning. They spent a lot of time working hard with a new strength and conditioning coach who pushed them beyond what they thought they were capable of. Because of that, it built confidence.

That confidence started to show up in some early games on the road at Kansas. In the second half we came together, held them to 12 second-half points. They started to kind of see that confidence that they were having. Some of those things paid off with some road wins that kind of just made them start to believe.

It's truly been like a snowball effect of just that confidence in each other and that chemistry and commitment. Nobody really having egos. A selfless team, a team that puts each other first. They're genuinely excited for each other's successes. It's really led to an outstanding conference season for us and a great turnaround for the expectations.

Q. The student-athletes mentioned when they see Arizona State on film, it reminds them of themselves. Is there another team in the Big Ten that plays the way Arizona State plays on both ends of the floor?
AMY WILLIAMS: I haven't really thought of any of our Big Ten opponents that really remind us as much. One thing we have a ton of respect for is obviously them being the No. 1 scoring defense in the Pac-12 conference. That's something that we wanted to really pride ourselves in, as well.

I think they maybe apply a little bit more pressure than we do. Right now they are exactly rebounding-wise where we would strive to be, so... We like to kind of think we mirror them, but I think they're a slightly better rebounding team than we've proven to be all season, and we know that rebounding will be key in tomorrow night's game.

Q. Is there any significance in coaching against Charli Turner Thorne?
AMY WILLIAMS: Other than the fact I've looked up to her in this profession for a very long time. I can remember my first Division I coaching jobs. I was one year at the University of Texas San Antonio, then I became the recruiting coordinator at Oklahoma State University. I've just watched her teams for so long, really admired everything she's been able to do, her stability in a very unstable profession.

To me, the first time I made the NCAA tournament as a head coach, the other bench was Tara VanDerveer. Now I'll be going up with Charli Turner Thorne, another iconic coach in our profession. It's rewarding, it's fun. Really excited about the opportunity.

Q. You played at Nebraska for four years. Now you're coaching there. Do you have any connections with the Longhorns or the city of Austin, this building, that you remember?
AMY WILLIAMS: Other than the fact that when I coached at UT San Antonio -- well, when I played at Nebraska, this will date me a little, I played two years in the Big 8, two years in the Big 12. Only two times. The one time we came to Austin during my playing career, I had just blown my knee out and I didn't make the trip, so I was home. I never played here as a player.

Definitely as a coach when I was at Oklahoma State, we came to Texas on a couple of occasions. I was here many times to recruit at the high school state tournament.

Other than some recruiting ties and in my one short year that I spent at UTSA, we enjoyed coming to Austin quite a bit. But no other real ties.

Q. You were a walk-on at Nebraska. Dad is a coaching legend in South Dakota. Did you ever imagine you would take Nebraska as a head coach to the NCAA tournament?
AMY WILLIAMS: I feel absolutely just amazing. To be honest with you, I kind of pinch myself almost every day when I walk into work. Incredibly honored and humbled to be the head coach of the university I played for and represented and poured blood, sweat and tears into the program. Just incredibly honored to be a part of it.

So happy especially for our seniors, but really for every one of these young women to have this opportunity to be playing in the NCAA tournament.

Q. The talent level of the high school girls basketball in this state, how would you describe it here?
AMY WILLIAMS: Incredible. Texas is absolutely loaded with talent. There's lots of very quality college programs for them to pick from right in the borders of their own state. I know my previous head coaches, when I played at Nebraska, had a lot of success recruiting in the state of Texas.

Since we moved to the Big Ten, we're still working hard to convince those Texas kids that Nebraska is not that cold, not as cold as they think.

Incredibly talented state here. A ton of respect for the high school basketball coaches, the level of play, the talent that's down in this area. It continues to amaze me.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Ariel, did you get a sense that you could come out and overwhelm them in the beginning the way you guys did?
ARIEL ATKINS: We definitely knew we needed to be focused. We knew what they were capable of doing, and I think it was important for us in the first five minutes of the game to be really focused.

Q. How good is it to get this game out of the way, you advance, everybody's able to play. How much confidence does that give you and the team?
ARIEL ATKINS: I think it gives us a good amount of confidence. I think the confidence comes from knowing what we did. We focused on their tendencies and what they did well. And I think we actually used our preparation and listened to our coaches and we stuck with the game plan. I think that's where the confidence comes from.

LASHANN HIGGS: Like Ariel said, that's where the confidence comes from. We stressed in practice every day how important tendencies -- respecting their tendencies are, and how we can't let our guard down because you never know what might happen.

Q. Ariel, Andrew Jones spoke to you guys at the half, what was that like getting to see him again?
ARIEL ATKINS: Oh, he brings good times. Getting to see him and talk to him and just kind of being around him, he's just a good, fun person to be around. His spirit and his joking and he's laughing with us, it just kind of felt like hanging out with him. At halftime he gave us a few words. It was really good to see him.

Q. LaShann, do you think this team is playing better at this point right now than you were at this point last year?
LASHANN HIGGS: Good question. I would say that we definitely are playing more as a team now, and there's a lot that we've been working on throughout the season. We just try to focus on the things that we can control and not worry about the things that we cannot control. So I would say that it's been a fun year.

Q. Did you realize that you didn't even let them have a rebound for the first nearly eight minutes of the game? I mean, what's that speak to you about that you were basically physically able to overwhelm them?
LASHANN HIGGS: That was one of the things that we actually had on the board. It was like rebound, with an exclamation mark, so we knew exactly what we tried to do was rebound. But to answer your question, no, I don't think we noticed that.

Q. What's it like to go from that transition of having such an easy time on the glass and then go against a team that has 20 offensive rebounds? How do you lock back in when things were so easy tonight?
LASHANN HIGGS: I would say that's definitely a mindset that we have to go into the next game because every team that's won we definitly have to respect what they do. So I would say it's a mentality that we have to go into the next game with because they're definitely a physical team.

ARIEL ATKINS: I would say they're a physical basketball team, and in order for us to do what we want to do, we're going to have to rebound.

Q. Ariel, new T-shirt. Was it somebody's idea, and what is the meaning behind it?
ARIEL ATKINS: Well, honestly, I think every team has this shirt. I just think they all have their own slogan on it, or our mantra for the year, and ours is "family." The source is to focus in on picking each other up and focusing on one day at a time. I think that's what a family consists of. Just making sure everybody's at their best. When somebody's not at their best, be there to pick them up, and that helps us a lot throughout the year.

Q. This will be one of your last games as a Longhorn. Has that hit you yet?
ARIEL ATKINS: Well, you just said that, but, yeah, I have not thought about that. Wow. I don't know what to say.

Q. Any thoughts on your time here in front of the fans specifically?
ARIEL ATKINS: They have been the best fans I've been around. They support us through absolutely everything. And to be able to play in front of them for the last time, I can't put that in words.

I'm just so thankful for this program and everything it's done for me. Our fans, I can't put that into words.

Q. What do you feel the team did well offensively? You both had double digit points tonight.
LASHANN HIGGS: I would say that we definitely executed better this game, and we went through with the game plan and we tried to be as patient as possible. There were times that we got a little sloppy and let our guard down, but we discussed it in the timeouts that we need to pick it back up and continue to do what we were doing that worked.

ARIEL ATKINS: She hit it on the nose.

Q. You said you were pleased to see your team locked in. It would have been easy today to come out and kick the ball around a little bit. What's that say to you in terms of the team's mindset coming into this tournament with a couple of seniors gunning for more?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I think you hit it on the head in the sense of senior leadership. I really didn't think that we would not be focused, but because I based everything on practice, and I thought yesterday's preparation was really, really good.

So you always feel good as a coach. I mean, sometimes it doesn't work out the way you want it to. But if you feel like you're prepared, then that's about all you can do but throw the ball up and see what happens. I thought our team was pretty locked in yesterday in practice, and they really have been since we've returned from the little break we took.

Didn't surprise me that we were ready to play, but I did think we were pretty sharp the first half.

Q. Andrew told me you asked him to speak on the team. What put that on your heart to do that?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I happened to be walking down here and the men's team had just arrived back from Nashville. Rob hollered at me and said did you know Andrew was back in the locker room? He was with the men. So I walked back that way, and ran into Shaka, and I said, "Can I say hello?" And Shaka took me back in the locker room with the guys, and I just walked back there and he said I want to come to the game. I said if you're going to come to the game, why don't you say hi to the girls.

Didn't catch him before the game. I was really hoping he would come in before the game. So Chris brought him back at half. Just some things are bigger than basketball. For him to be able to come in and a lot of these girls are really good friends with Andrew and they care deeply about him and his experience that he's having.

Sometimes you just have to say whatever. It was a good chance for them to share some moments. I don't know. I kind of went back into the coach's locker room and talked to the coaches and said, hey, you can have them for a few minutes. I could hear a lot of laughing and good times. I think they took a team picture with him.

It was good. It was good for the girls, and it was good to have him back around. He looks great.

Q. Was that one of the more unique halftimes considering it's an NCAA Tournament?
KAREN ASTON: Absolutely, absolutely. I tell you what, it's good to be home. I can tell you that. Because last year I believe Mack Brown came in and gave quite an inspirational speech before we played. I don't remember whether -- I think it may have been the second game. But that's the great thing about being at home is that you get to see people one more time and experience things that you probably wouldn't experience on the road.

Q. You said you felt like they were ready to play and you were pleased with how they came out in the first half. Did anything surprise you about how well you handled Maine today?
KAREN ASTON: I think I said this in the press conference before the game. It is a little bit refreshing to get away from league play. Three out of the four of our league teams have won their first round games.

Our league is tough, and I don't think we give it the credit that it deserves because it is so tough. That double round robin sometimes can just beat you in the head, and I think when you get away from it you are able to take a breath. Our team looked refreshed that they were playing someone that didn't necessarily know every move that they were going to make.

So to answer your question, it surprised me a little bit that they didn't execute some things that I had seen them execute against other people.

I think Maine is a good team, they're well-coached and they execute really well. The way we played defensively in the first half was very pleasing to all of us.

Q. Is the strength of schedule -- you mentioned the Big 12 strength, you played Baylor three times, Oklahoma State, Oklahoma, West Virginia, is it safe to say you're not going to be overwhelmed by opposition because you've already season top-level opposition, unlike Maine who had not seen much of this?
KAREN ASTON: I think just the level of preparation that it takes, it doesn't seem abnormal to, as I said, to lock in because you have to do that for a lot of games in a row just to be competitive in our league and you have to bring it every night. So I think just the fact that our team has gotten used to that and they're getting better. Every year we've gotten much better at just trying to treat every game the same.

I know you get tired of hearing that from our players, but they really have tried to live that this year, and I think it's helped them in the good times and the bad.

Q. Brooke had 7 rebounds tonight in 24 minutes. Do you notice a difference with her in that area? If so, what's that like having your point guard rebound for you?
KAREN ASTON: I love point guards that rebound. I would have to say that's not what I recruited Brooke to do. But I love point guards that rebound. That's something I actually look at in the recruiting process. But, again, not with Brooke. She's discovered ways to maneuver and pick up the loose ones when people box out.

But I do love point guards that rebound, because we like to transition and it obviously starts your transition game if your point guard already has the ball in her hands.

Q. One of the players said you or somebody wrote "Rebound" in the locker room or with an exclamation point. Was that a big emphasis going into the game? I'm going to guess they passed that test?
KAREN ASTON: I thought they passed it for most of the game. Just because I thought Maine would try to control the tempo, and if we can get stops and get rebounds and get outlets and get out quicker, we can try to get some buckets that are a little bit easier than having to go against their set defense, which is kind of what happened. So that's why.

Obviously, rebounding is an emphasis every game, but we wanted to try to get out in transition against them.

Q. You got a team that's going to be able to muscle up with you in the second round. What is the message on the white board going to be now?
KAREN ASTON: Rebound (laughing). I will say, you always look at something differently when you see them in person, and that was the thing that kind of jumped out at me watching Arizona State right off the bat is that Nebraska didn't seem to be able to get a rebound. That was a big determining factor in that game.

I mean, it was close for a long time, and they absolutely controlled the boards from the tip. So, yeah, we have our hands full, no question.

Q. As one of the favorites to make a run in this tournament, a 2 seed, did you at all talk about what happened last night in the men's tournament with your girls?
KAREN ASTON: No, we talked about what happened in the women's game today. Three mid-majors won.

Q. What you say?
KAREN ASTON: Before the game we discussed it, and I just said you don't want that to happen in your house. Let's be ready to play. But the game is getting better. I don't think that's a terrible thing.

Obviously, it would have been for us tonight, but more parity. I was a mid-major coach. I guess that's what you would have called Charlotte. We laced up our shoes just like everybody else did. So I think you have to be ready to play when it's tournament time. But I will say those games were fun to watch last night.

Q. Depends on who you ask.
KAREN ASTON: True, true. But my favorite so far has been watching Buffalo play. That town has to be going crazy right now. Their men and women both won. The women had an upset.

Q. With this quick turnaround, how do you prepare for a team that, like you said, you're not quite as familiar with because they're not in your conference?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I think we've experienced this quite often just because we have these turnarounds in conference play quite a bit. We're fortunate enough to play on ESPN sometimes on Mondays, and we've had some quick turnarounds like this that we always talk about in that moment, which is this is what this is going to feel like in the NCAA Tournament. So I think our team is somewhat used to that. That they've had to one day in between, so I don't think that will be a surprise to them at all.

They do have to go back to school on Monday. They did ask me that. I said, yes, you do. But other than that, I think this will be a normal routine for them.

Q. Kianna, why were you so dominant rebounding tonight against Nebraska as a team?
KIANNA IBIS: I would just say --

CHARLI TURNER THORNE: You can tell them the real answer.

KIANNA IBIS: I would just say we wanted it more, I guess. I would say that. We just wanted to stay aggressive on offense, offensive rebounds, and we just went at them. We don't want to be boxed out, so we just went around them and got the ball.

Q. Jamie, what changed with in the third quarter there? It seemed like defense picked up in the last five minutes into the fourth, what changed?
JAMIE RUDEN: I think for us we have a big focus on just finishing strong. So I think I don't know just a fire kind of went under our butts and we decided we needed to ramp up the pressure defensively and ramp up the energy, crashing the boards and boxing out. Rebounding was a big focus coming into these games, so that was huge.

Q. Robbi, in the first half you had trouble kind of scoring. Y'all did a good job defensively. What was the trouble in the first half? Were shots just not falling?
ROBBI RYAN: I was probably forcing it a little too much, as CC told me.

CHARLI TURNER THORNE: You don't get that award by yourself. You can just say collectively.

ROBBI RYAN: Yeah, we were just -- we weren't poised. As the game went on we settled down. We got better looks and played better together, and I think that was the difference.

Q. Jamie, you said a second ago, the fire went under our butts. Did you put it there?
JAMIE RUDEN: I think it's a big credit to our coaches. They were on us that we needed to really lock in. But also we put that pressure on ourselves too, so, yeah.

Q. How did you escape from Omaha?
KIANNA IBIS: How did I escape? I would say that I just loved Charli and the coaching staff, and it felt like a family. Also my mom, growing up when she went to college her mom kind of wanted her to stay close to home and then she didn't want me to go through that. Not go through it, but she just wanted me to get out there and do something I wanted to do. And I wanted to go out more west coast, and ASU was a great program.

Q. Charli, tell us the real reason on the rebounding? What is the real reason on the rebounding?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, we held ourselves accountable. They held themselves accountable on the break. So if anybody didn't hit a rebounding spot or missed a box out, the entire team did five push-ups, and we did a lot of push-ups this last week and a half. They were just amazing with it.

I actually joked in the locker room, like, hey, if you miss a box out don't get down on the floor and start doing push-ups during the game. I said just go get the ball. You might miss a box out. So we kind of joked about it.

But certainly it's always a focus in our program, and obviously when you control the board, you control the game. You know, we needed every rebound in this game given our shooting percentages.

Q. You're a good rebounding team, but you say you were not satisfied before this?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: No, I felt like we could be better. Yeah, and I think it was just fatigue, fatigue. We're not a deep team, and you need to get down -- we're not practicing, so we didn't have an opportunity to work on a lot. So when we had a chance to work on things, that was the number one thing we were working on. That and transition defense, which we will need on Monday.

Q. Were you pleased with the shots you were getting in the first half?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yes and no. We missed some shots that we would normally make, but we also caught and dribbled a ton and forced things. They played from the inside out, they're overhelpers and we were just going right into them instead of getting to two feet, making the extra pass, finding our own teammates.

So, no, we were not happy with our half-court offense, but we had also gotten some solid shots that we just missed too.

Q. What was your view of the last five minutes of the third quarter?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I think we just combined some really good defense with hitting shots. Obviously Jamie is instant offense, and Sophia Elenga probably should have been up here. Just so productive tonight in the minutes that she had, rebounding and scoring. Our bench really stepped up today, I thought.

Because at halftime, I mean, really, I don't think any of our starters would say, oh, I played well. So it's like when you don't have one of your starters really playing the way they can play, you're like, oh. You figure, okay, they've got to get better. At the same time we were a little worried, and I thought our bench was huge for us today.

Q. A lot of benches as the rotations get shorter in the NCAA Tournament --
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Ours is short period.

Q. Well, you played everybody.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, not Eva. Eva Rubin didn't get in, but we have nine BreYanna Sanders, call her Junior. We have too many Brees. She really did a nice job. She doesn't usually play necessarily that much. But she really spotted our guards well, because it's tough if we have to go with a four-guard rotation. And she's been practicing well, so that helps us.

I mean, we have depth at post. We do. We have four posts. And we have Eva as a fifth post, so she's a really big body, so she could definitely possibly help us against Texas.

Q. Looking ahead to Texas, just the way you saw the team rebound today, do you feel like you can crash with the No. 4 rebounding team in the country?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Is that what they are?

Q. I think so.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, we're going to have to. That and transition defense. I kind of look one game at a time, but from what I know of Texas, the little bit I watched this past week, are probably the two biggest keys. Obviously they're a very defensive team as well. I'm hoping we can get this game under our belt and we'll be a little more efficient offensively one day.

Q. Going back to the post play. Sophia's really come into her own this season. She won 4 of 5 tonight, 21 minutes. She's been earning more minutes this season. What did you think of her play tonight and over the course of the season?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I mean, she's been -- I've had a lot of media people say, "She's your x-factor, Charli. She's your x-factor," and I don't disagree with that. Obviously, she's a first-year player, junior college, big stage. We thought she would be an impact player and she is. But she's just continued -- she's the most lovely, beautiful person, and she just is so coachable. She gets in the gym extra.

So all the credit it is to her. She wants to be good, and she's worked really hard. It does not come easy for her to learn the playbook. A lot of this stuff does not come easy for her. She just keeps staying committed. So, yeah, really proud of her.

Q. You talked yesterday about your past experiences here.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, I was joking about some of them.

Q. Yeah, how much better does this feel?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, haven't played UT yet, but...

Q. That's right.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, obviously, this was fun. This was great. I mean, we don't usually (Indiscernible), so it was a little bit frustrating. We didn't enjoy this game quite as much as we normally do because that is like our pet peeve, and we don't do it. We thought, I mean, we fouled and we don't do that. So that's one of the things I'm talking about the rust and stuff.

So, I mean, that was -- again, we should have been enjoying it a little bit more, but it was like, really? You know, slip out, slip out, slip out. But, yeah, this is a great venue. I obviously want to create a few more good memories here. But, obviously, fun place to play. This town supports women's basketball, has for a long time.

Q. The team struggled from beyond the arc tonight, shooting 21%. How much of a factor is that in the second round match-up against Texas?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, we shot 13 in the first half. Like we don't do that. That's not us and that's what we talked about at halftime. I thought we adjusted and we didn't shoot as many in the second half. We like being like 6 for 13 or somewhere in there.

So I mean, we like the three, and I think we have good shooters. Again, I thought we were just rusty. So I think our shooting will get going. But we also, you know, everybody's very scouted right now. Our best shooters are not getting great looks and that's part of it.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Tanesha, what were those first seven minutes like? You couldn't get a rebound, grabbing everything and putting it back up. Was it just an overwhelming start there?
TANESHA SUTTON: I guess we all had to get a feel for it. We weren't getting the rebounds. We just weren't really putting enough effort in the first half.

Q. Why do you think that was? What was it about the start? Was it a big moment that the team maybe wasn't ready for?
TANESHA SUTTON: I think we were ready for it. We just weren't really boxing out.

Q. Parise, can you talk about being on the floor and as a Mainer and having so much support from home and people watching?
PARISE ROSSIGNOL: Yeah, it's pretty special. Any player growing up, this is a stage you want to be able to play on. So to be able to represent my home state at this kind of game is really surreal. It's hard to put into words, but I'm very thankful.

Q. Julie, I know you all have stepped out and played some Power Five conference teams. How did Texas match-up? Did they just maybe bring a little more athleticism and size than you guys have really seen?
JULIE BROSSEAU: Yeah, they are very big. Like we're not used to play that type of athleticism in our conference. So that's why I think maybe it took us several minutes to adjust.

Q. Can you talk about how this experience will prepare your younger players for the future?
AMY VACHON: Yeah, absolutely, I hope it does. I think we learned a lot this year. We are very young. I mean, we start three sophomores, a freshman and a junior. We're going against a team in Texas who their starting point guards played over 100 and, I don't know, maybe 30 games, I may be wrong on that, but a lot of games.

So the experience that we gained this year and hopefully today, I'm hoping will help us. Now we know what it feels like to be in the NCAA Tournament. These kids have never felt that way before. So it's a feeling that once you get, you want to keep and you want to have again.

So the work in the off-season and those games in the preseason that we may have let slip by we got to really focus in and get those.

Q. For the players, can you talk about being here and making it to the NCAA Tournament?
TANESHA SUTTON: Every basketball player dreams to go D-1, go D-1, go to the championship, win a championship, go to the NCAA Tournament. This whole moment is so surreal. You can't really picture how your emotions, how it really feels until you get here. It's quite a feeling. I'm really proud of my team.

JULIE BROSSEAU: Yeah, it's very amazing to play in the NCAA Tournament. It's like a dream. To play here at Texas was very nice, so that's a great experience for us.

PARISE ROSSIGNOL: For me, it's just cool. I come from a school where I graduated with 24 other kids, so to be on this stage where my entire town's going to watch me on ESPN2 is pretty surreal. So, yeah, it's just amazing.

Q. When they face a loss like that at the start, how do you regroup? What do you say? How do you try to fight that?
AMY VACHON: I mean, our kids always fight, so I never question if they're going to compete or their effort or their energy. They give that all the time. I think we gave them some shots to Texas, but they hit some tough shots too. They just hit a lot of shots today. Credit to them. I mean, they're a great team.

But, yeah, it's frustrating when you have a good possession and you played good defense and then they finally miss the shot and they get the offensive rebound and put it in. And that seemed to be the story of that first half.

But I'm proud of us. We came back in the second half and played them relatively even. I know that they were subbing a lot and that sort of thing. But whether they're starter for subs or Texas, they're phenomenal basketball players. So for our kids to just keep fighting, we have to learn from this experience. Our kids never gave up.

Q. Amy, Blanca had been effective all year, but not today. Was it they focused in on her more?
AMY VACHON: I think it was maybe a little bit of both. But all teams all year focused in on her, so that wasn't any different. The level of athlete guarding her was a little bit different here, but she missed some shots she normally hit to be honest with you. But she kept fighting and she kept shooting. I wouldn't trade her for anyone.

Q. For a Mainer who played in this tournament, can you talk about watching Parise and Maddy and Sierra on the floor and what that means to the state?
AMY VACHON: Yeah, I know to the state and I know to the Mainers they love it. I know to see their own playing for the University and playing on a national stage. For Parise to be able to really earn a role and get good minutes this year has been great.

Then Maddy, I told her, she's going to make me look bad because she went in in four minutes and scored five points. But I was happy for her. She played really hard. Yeah, all three of them are just so special to our team, so, yeah, I was really happy for them.

Q. I know you want to win, obviously, but what was the best part of being here the last three days?
AMY VACHON: Yeah, I just think for our kids it's something that they watch on television. For our University we haven't been here since 2004. So we talk a lot about it, and it's easy to talk about it. But until you experience it, you don't really know what to expect.

For me, to see the kids just light up every time they got the patches on their uniform or they got Gatorade, I mean, just little things that a lot of people take for granted. So now they know it and they've gotten a taste of it. So for me I'm really hoping that it motivates them.

We don't want to be a 15 seed. Being a 15 seed is really hard, and that's on us. We have to win the games in the preseason that we didn't win. We have to beat the Tulanes, we have to beat the Toledos, we have to beat the Miamis, we have to beat those teams. So our kids know that now, and they knew it, but now they see the results when you don't beat those teams.

So, yeah, just the experience has been great, and hopefully we can learn from it.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Janay, Coach talked about the rebounding really was a huge difference. How tough was it? What were they like to play against in terms of just chasing down the ball?
JANAY MORTON: Yeah, I think they just relentlessly pursued the ball on every shot, whether it was defensively or offensively, so we just struggled with that.

Q. You guys were starting to -- you had those back-to-back threes and you guys were up three at that point. They just started making things more difficult for you on offense, what changed there at that point in the game and why weren't the shots working for you guys?
JANAY MORTON: I think our shots just weren't falling. We had our looks. They didn't fall, and I think that was the turn around there.

Q. Did they do anything differently on that run?
JANAY MORTON: They were aggressive the entire game. So I think they just stepped that up a little bit. But like I said, we had our looks.

Q. Coach, you mentioned the rebounding there, but you guys were right in it at halftime. Did you feel like the rebounding eventually just caught up to you? It seemed like you were able to overcome that for a while?
AMY WILLIAMS: Yeah, I mean, we were a little disappointed at halftime of how many rebounds that we'd given up, but to still be in the ballgame at that point was a positive thing. We had executed pretty well offensively up to that point, but we knew that if we were not going to find a way to turn that around that it was going to be a struggle, and we just didn't.

In the second half we gave up ten more offensive rebounds, and even after making that a huge focal point, really all week in preparation, and that just says something for their relentless pursuit for the basketball. Just what we need to work on to be a little bit more disciplined with our rebounding efforts.

Q. Going through the emotions from yesterday, you tripled your season from a year ago. Can you go back and assess the season?
HANNAH WHITISH: Yeah, this season was something special, especially with the season we had last year. Starting the season off, everybody had a different mindset. Which I knew this season was going to be different from last year just because everybody came in and worked a lot harder than they had, just everything was more intense.

Q. How about you, Taylor?
TAYLOR KISSINGER: Coming in as a freshman, it was cool to see because I watched them last year, and they struggled because of the coaching change and everything. But I came in and I was surprised to see the hard work, effort and everything with everyone. It was really awesome. It lifted me up to work hard too, and everyone else just raised their level.

JANAY MORTON: Yeah, just as a red-shirt, sitting on the bench all last year, having to watch the team, I think it was a chance for me to be able to see what we needed as far as the following year. Then when I was finally able to play with my teammates, you know, just to make those types of things happen and being vocal, whether it be in practice or games and I think that helped a lot with this turnaround. But everyone on the team stepped up this year as well to make that happen too.

Q. The way this game was played, not to put the blame on the players, but Maddie for example, had given you ten points a game this season. But she had early foul trouble. What was some of the frustration that you felt with your team with their defense and how the flow of the game was?
AMY WILLIAMS: Yeah, I really felt like Maddie was going to be a key for today's game. We really felt like that. We challenged Maddie. We talked to her yesterday in practice, today at shootaround we said we need you to strive to come away with ten rebounds in this ballgame. Unfortunately, Maddie was saddled with foul trouble the whole game and not only did she not come away with ten, but she had the goose egg in the rebounding category.

Maddie's one of our best rebounders. She's one of our most athletic players. She can go out of her area to secure rebounds. So having her on the bench in foul trouble was really critical for our team. I didn't think we adjusted or handled that very well.

Q. Did you get a sense that that kind of affected how players were on the court, if they were missing her or going this isn't work?
AMY WILLIAMS: You know, it's not the first time this season that we've had to adjust or had a player in foul trouble. But I do think that it did cause a few shifts for us. We played Jasmine Cincore who is kind of starts as a guard for us. Then we played her several minutes in that forward position to try to take some of Maddie's minutes. Jasmine's nice, strong, great athlete, just a little undersized in there, and kind of I think that affected some things just with our ability to come away with rebounds. Certainly I thought our players, they've been there before. They played in sync. They knew what to expect. They adjusted offensively just fine. It was more just our ability to rebound, I think was affected with that foul trouble.

Q. Something going on with Maddie that you kind of lost focus and the fouls and just really didn't get anything done?
AMY WILLIAMS: Yeah, I don't think there was anything going on with Maddie. I think Maddie's a tremendous player. She's had a great season, and she's a huge piece of why we were able to have the type of season and why we were even playing in the NCAA Tournament. But it's just a very difficult thing when you are -- as soon as you go back in the game and, Boom, you get called for an offensive foul, and Boom you have to come sit down again. It's just very difficult to get into a rhythm and play the way that she's capable of playing when she was just very sporadic with her time out there.

Q. You touched on it yesterday, but the season finally coming to a close, again, you went seven wins last year, 21 wins, you get to the NCAA Tournament. How do you look back now moments after the loss? Put the season in a capsule for us?
AMY WILLIAMS: Yeah, it's very difficult to do that. I told our players in the locker room that you can let this sting for a little while, but permanently we are going to hold our heads up high and we're not going to have this be the final taste in our mouth. We're going to walk away being very, very proud of the progress that was made for our program. Our seniors, we are grateful to for notching our program. We've talked about finding ways to raise the bar. I feel like those three seniors poured their heart into this program, and they raised the bar a couple of notches for us. Now, you know, the girls all talk about how hard they worked in the off-season because they didn't want another season like last year. Now the expectations have risen. That bar has been raised, and now we have to find ways to continue to raise it higher. I just feel like we're going to walk away feeling very proud of the way this season went, and thankful to our seniors for all they poured into it and excited and eager to correct some things that caused us problems in the Big Ten tournament and in the NCAA Tournament. Areas that we feel like we can correct moving forward as a program.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Jatarie, can you talk about the match-up you're going to have under the basket? They were very physical against you?
JATARIE WHITE: Yeah, we saw them a little bit in the third quarter yesterday. I thought they were very physical offensively in the post and also defensively playing the other team's big girl. I saw them make a lot of turn around jumpshots and mid-rain not shots, also post moves to the basket. So we definitely have to play post defense and respect them inside.

Q. Ariel, I know you want to approach every game exactly the same, but is it a different feeling when the Sweet Sixteen is on the line and it's a major conference opponent, versus just opening up a tournament against a smaller school like Maine?
ARIEL ATKINS: You've got to be focused. We're really going to have to put our preparation into play and do what our coaches ask us to do.

Q. Ariel, I think you were a freshman, went to Cal. Can you describe the difference between the challenge of playing at Cal and the comforts of playing at home the last three years?
ARIEL ATKINS: That was definitely a challenge, just as far as time. You don't think that you notice it, but once you get to playing, you know you have to get to sleep and wake up the next day, it's definitely a challenge. It's definitely a blessing to be able to play at home our first round.

Q. As one of the bigger guards, how important will rebounding be, not just from the post perspective, but the guard perspective as well?
ARIEL ATKINS: It will be extremely important. It's important for our team, period, to help our post rebound more. I think we need to rebound more as a team versus depending on ourselves all the time.

Q. The nerves for you guys as a team, there's got to be a certain set of nerves when you're just starting the tournament in that first game versus this game where you feel like there's so much on the line. There is so much to be said about making the second week and making the Sweet Sixteen. What is the difference in starting the tournament and trying to advance as a team?
JATARIE WHITE: I think it's kind of the same all the way through. The first game you just kind of for the freshmen, the younger players getting out there and getting their feet wet and stuff like that. But it's survive and advance, so we have to treat every game like it will be our last game. So every game has to be -- we have to come out our hardest and our strongest every day.

Q. Yesterday Arizona State didn't shoot very well from three in the first half, I think they shot three for 13. Three pointers can lead to a long rebounds from a guard perspective. Are you going to be looking to get those rebounds and push the ball if they're long rebounds?
ARIEL ATKINS: We would like to push the ball, but we have to start off with rebounds.

Q. How much more difficult is it to prepare at this point in the season when you're not as familiar with the next team than it was when you were playing Big 12 teams that you're familiar with?
ARIEL ATKINS: Definitely have to be more focused. In the film room you have to have a more keen focus on personnel. Because as an older player, when you play the Big 12, we kind of go through the years play against these players and we know the tendencies as a team. So you have to focus in on what the coaches are saying. They're up all night watching film, so it's important that we focus on the personal tendencies.

JATARIE WHITE: Yeah, I agree, when Coach gets us out in practice, we have to make sure we know exactly what the team is doing offensively as well as making sure that we understand what they're trying to do to us on the defensive end.

Q. Does Arizona State remind you of anybody you may have played in the Big 12, and if so, what areas?
JATARIE WHITE: I can't think of anybody right now. This is my first year playing in the Big 12.

Q. Ariel, do they remind you of anybody?
ARIEL ATKINS: Honestly, I can't think of anybody right now. We haven't gotten film and we haven't gotten to watch them completely through. We've only been able to watch them for the third quarter so far right now, so I'm excited to get in the film room.

Q. Ariel, when you look at your career, if you guys win tomorrow, that's four straight years of at least making the Sweet Sixteen. How big is that for you individually, for the program, especially where it was when Coach Aston came in?
ARIEL ATKINS: I think it's huge. I think it's a testament to coach, honestly. Every year she's come here we've gotten better and better on the court. I feel like the product we put on the floor has gotten better every year. So I think that's a testament to her, and her diligence, and focus and passion for the program.

Q. What's it mean to you to have a run like that individually? Everybody survives and advances. That's what this month is all about, and you've been able to do that so much in your career here.
ARIEL ATKINS: It means a lot. I'm thankful to have the teammates I've had throughout the years and the coach that's we've had that have pushed us to not settle for anything, to always push forward and want to do greater, want to do better, want to do bigger things.

Q. Arizona State tends to sub a lot especially in short bursts. Does that present any specific challenges or different challenge because they go to their bench quite often?
KAREN ASTON: I think it does present a challenge. Just your focus has to come into play, and the fact that we're not as familiar with their personnel and there is no way to be, as you would be in conference play. I mean, every player's going to have a little bit of a different tendency, and the things that they're looking for out of certain players are probably different. The fact that they sub very frequently will be a challenge for us, most definitely.

Our coaches will have to help a little bit more than maybe they would have to against some teams because of the frequency of the subbing.

Q. You've obviously talked about sleeping in your own bed kind of thing. Is that a carrot in front of the team during the season knowing that no matter what happens, if you're in the top 16, you're going to play at home? I asked Ariel about playing at Cal and it was rough, still won, but it was rough. Here it's different.
KAREN ASTON: I think it is a carrot is a good word for it. I definitely think it's a motivation to -- well, there are several things that motivate you for that. One is our administration and the guys, Angelo that does our schedule, and everyone that is a part of our scheduling feels very strongly about playing a great non-conference schedule, and I think that goes into play.

If you get down to the difference between you and maybe another team that is going to host and you similarly finish in conference play, then your non-conference schedule and your strength of schedule is going to come into play. So it motivates us to play a tough non-conference schedule.

Then I think once you get into conference play, if you happen to have some setbacks like we did this year, it keeps you motivated to not -- I mean, obviously we're motivated to try to win the conference, but I also think it comes into play when you're starting to think do you want to let one loss turn into two, and how do you finish your last ten games? All of those things I think our team and our program understands the importance.

Then the last, and I wouldn't say it's last as far as importance, but just for the players to be able to play in front of their family and friends, the potential of two more times, is, I think, very motivating for them.

Q. Not that this team you would worry about them overlooking anybody, but could you point to last year's second round game and how much of a sweat it really was? Just a friendly reminder this time of year not to overlook anyone?
KAREN ASTON: Yeah, I don't think that they'll do that. I think that most of them would remember last year's game against North Carolina State and then, I mean, we were at home, but obviously that was a very challenging game for us.

I also think they're paying attention. As I mentioned last night, there were three or four upsets yesterday. I mean, when I went into the second round, well, now we're in the second round, so I think our players are aware and very honed in on the fact that this is one game, and you're not going anywhere unless you win the game.

So I think they'll be very locked in. They know Arizona State's good. We've scrimmaged them the last couple of years, close scrimmages. So we're somewhat familiar with playing them.

Q. How much familiarity do you have with them? Because we just kind of talked about the idea in the tournament format you get to play teams that you don't always meet. But here you have a situation where you have matched up personnel, and how do you feel about that match?
KAREN ASTON: Well, they're a little different, and they've graduated several people. So they are, I think, fairly young in some positions. I mean, it's the first game of the year. Not really a game. It's a closed scrimmage, so I'm not sure that any of our players actually remember. They might remember their style.

I don't think they'll remember the players until they get possibly in the film room. The coaches may have a little more familiarity with personnel. But that first game of the year, I don't think anybody remembers much of anything. They're just trying to see what they have. But you remember their competitiveness. There is no way to get around that.

Q. Will you be looking for Brooke to have around seven rebounds like she had yesterday or a little more?
KAREN ASTON: I'm going to look for everybody to rebound tomorrow. If they don't, then it's going to be a long night for us.

Q. Do you think they can match you on that speed in transition with Brooke and LaShann or is that something you really want to press?
KAREN ASTON: It goes back to rebounding, as I said last night. Knowing that Maine was going to try to control the tempo of the game in the same sense, I mean, rebounding plays into transition for us, so I think that's why this is going to be such a challenging game is that they're really good on the boards in a lot of areas.

I think the other channeling thing for us is their guards rebound really well. I think Robbi is one of their second or third leading rebounders. So I think when you look at that, that's going to be challenging for us.

Q. Ariel said the right things where you have to have the right mindset with every game, but is it a different -- do you sense something different from your players when they're playing a big-game school like Arizona State and a berth in the Sweet Sixteen is on the line?
KAREN ASTON: In your facts, maybe so. But I thought we were pretty ready to play last night. I didn't think we looked like we were playing a name or a conference or anything else. I thought we were pretty focused.

Again, we may have lost a little bit at halftime, but that was worth it. But I did think that we looked like a team that was pretty serious about playing. I think that we'll be ready to play tomorrow. I don't think there will be any type of different mentality for us.

Q. What do you need from Joyner?
KAREN ASTON: She's going to have to be very detailed defensively. Their post players are really good, and they challenge you in a different way. I think Rick asked the players, and the players didn't know the answer to this because they haven't seen the bulk of the film, which we'll go into it in a few minutes, but if I had to compare them to someone in our league, it's probably the best team that comes to my mind might be West Virginia. I say that only because of the physicality of their defense and the fact that they have a forward that can shoot threes really well.

So I think that's the challenging thing for our forwards in general is that they can stretch the floor, and sometimes that becomes an issue for us. So when you say Joyner, I think that's not just a challenge for Joyner. I think it's going to be a challenge for our forwards and post players is that they can stretch it.

Q. Might you play in zone if you can (Indiscernible)?
KAREN ASTON: I don't know that we would get too far away from what we've been doing all year long. I mean, I've seen them zoned in conference play a little bit, but I also think they can shoot the ball.

The thing about a zone is that that's even harder to rebound in the zone. They crash so well, you better figure out a way to get a body on each one of them. Their guards rebound well.

Q. The fact that you're on this run with the last few years and at least making the second weekend, what's allowed this team to be able to do that, this program to be able to do that? What's it mean to you personally to be having so much success in this tournament?
KAREN ASTON: I think what's allowed it has been the players' buy-in. They buy in in the recruiting process. So you're looking at some seniors that four years ago bought into the fact that they wanted to come here and make an impression on this campus and an impression on this program, and they absolutely have done that.

And that goes back to the first class that we had in here that hung around. Some didn't, some did. But the ones that hung around made an impression on our program. I think it's just the buy-in of our culture. I mean, it's a goal and one that should be a realistic goal for this program every year.

I'm not disrespecting our opponent, because it's going to be a very tough game tomorrow night, but that's the goal that should be a realistic one every year for Texas.

Q. I think it's been four years now the NCAA went to the top 16 playing host for the first two rounds. Is that good for basketball in that you're going to get fans, or is it unfair in basketball that the other three have to be visitors, true visitors every time?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I think it's a reward for, again, the body of work. For people that were willing to schedule tough, non-conference games and then played consistently all year long. Because I think that's the combination of the things that gets you the ability to host. You not only played well in your conference games, but you also probably played somebody in non-conference play and boasted your strength of schedule.

We tried it the other way, and I would say that it's been beneficial to have -- I mean, this is about student-athlete experience. It always has been, and it always will be. For the student-athletes I think that they enjoy. I think if you asked most of the players, regardless of whether they're at home or not, they would say that they would rather play in a packed gym.

When we tried it the other way, the gyms, unless it was lucky enough to have the city that won the hosting was lucky enough to have someone local, then there were not as many people in the stands, so it didn't make for a great experience for any of the student-athletes. I think this is better.

I think everyone would tell you they'd rather play in front of a crowd. My wish is this is a packed gym tomorrow night. I think we're the only show in town Monday night. I hope. Unless there is a band playing somewhere, and they're probably playing the next night too.

So I just want to encourage everybody in the city to come out and see a really, really good basketball game. I'm assuming it will be. I know that it will be extremely competitive. And anybody that missed a second round game last year missed the show.

So I'm anticipating that same level of competition between the two teams, and I would just encourage anybody that wants to come to the game, I hope that our student body hears about it by the time they get back on campus tomorrow for the first day of classes. It's 8:00 tomorrow night. Everybody has gotten off work. The crowd, the traffic should be died down, and the students should be looking for something to do. Probably don't have a lot of homework after the first day of class.

So this is a perfect storm, I guess to say, for us to have an unbelievable crowd, and we should have that. This team deserves that.

Q. You talk about Arizona State can rebound and they're physical. Where do you feel like your team has an edge?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I think that both teams are going to mirror each other quite a bit defensively. I do think that if we can rebound and we do an admirable job on the boards, I think we can get out in transition and play some early offense.

I do think we're very similar. It's hard to say that we have an edge in a lot of positions. I think we're similar teams. We have some bigs that can score. We have some guards that can shoot the ball. So this is going to boil down to some real intangibles. Who does the dirty things? Who gets the loose balls? Who boxes out? Free throws will probably come into play. I would expect this will be a game that the 50-50 stuff comes into play.

They remind me a little bit of Oklahoma too, where every time I talk about playing an Oklahoma or West Virginia team like that in our league, it's always about the 50-50 plays. It's rugged, a little bit ugly, but you're going to see some kids flying around tomorrow night.

Q. You mentioned the seniors who have bought into the program and the culture, how much have you seen that rub off on the younger players?
KAREN ASTON: It can't help but rub off. I mean, you look at just Chasity Patterson this year, and I know she's not gotten the minutes that maybe she wanted or thought she would get here, but it was fun to watch her last night get in her first NCAA Tournament game and actually look like she belonged. Even though the minutes haven't transpired for her, she's really improved a lot, and I would say more than anything her mentality has changed a little bit, and that's because the older players are rubbing off.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. I'd like to put a question to each of you. You were in a similar situation last season. You were in Columbia, South Carolina. You took the National Championship team to the brink. You were within one minute of that upset. What did that feel like walking off the court to lose that that day, and what did you take from that experience into tomorrow now night?
KIARA RUSSELL: It was an amazing feeling that we just emptied out and played with each other. It obviously came down to one possession, with the missed box out. But we just came back, we grouped, and we're here again.

CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: Yeah, kind of like she said, it came down to one possession, so we just took that. You've got to pay attention to all the little things. You've got to do every little thing right and you have to go hard every possession.

REILI RICHARDSON: I think it was an awesome atmosphere to play in, and just the little things are really important, and we're here again, and we have another chance.

Q. May I ask the same type of question for all three. Texas talks about the advantages of sleeping in their own bed through the tournament. They're at home. They get the comfort of home fans. You guys as opponents, how much more difficult is it to be an opponent in a situation like this rather than playing at home?
KIARA RUSSELL: Yeah, Texas fans are going to be crazy and all that. But we just have to focus on each other, focus on the game. Can't focus on anything, it's about the little things and we'll be fine.

CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: Yeah, we have to stay connected with each other. We have to make sure we have eye contact, make sure we're talking. Make sure team touches and make sure we're all on the same page so we can't let the atmosphere bother us.

REILI RICHARDSON: I think it's awesome to play in games like this, and it comes down to just being connected with each other.

Q. Reili, as a point guard, how will you control the tempo of the game? Is how important will it shall for you as a guard to get back on defense?
REILI RICHARDSON: We've played really good transition teams before, so we have experience.

Q. Charnea, you guys were a fantastic rebounding team yesterday, especially on the offensive boards. Texas has a very good defensive rebounding team too. What's it going to take to offset their strengths, which appears to be a strength of yours too?
CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: Just stepping to them first and boxing them out. Like a lot of teams can just jump, go straight up and then it's a 50-50 chance who is going to come down with it. But if you hit them first, you'll have the advance. So we're going to focus on stepping to them and not stepping in and hitting them before they hit us.

Q. I kind of wondered, as a player, there is a lot made about homecourt advantage. But I'm kind of wondering as a player in a tournament like this, if it doesn't in some way give you an advantage because you've kind of approached this thing as a unit. You're staying in the same hotel. You're not kind of spread out all over the city. Is there anything that playing on the road is maybe even better than playing in front of your home crowd tournament time?
CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: I mean, I guess it depends on who the team is or the opponent. It's always a challenge playing on the road. But like I said, just being connected and playing for each other and playing for a bigger purpose than ourselves, it's always going to be fun.

KIARA RUSSELL: Yeah, I feel like a home game or an away game, as long as you're connected and you're focused on the little things you have to do and your goals, you'll be good.

Q. Do you guys get energized by the crowds even when the crowd is pulling for the other team?
CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: I do, personally.

Q. Why is that?
KIARA RUSSELL: It's kind of fun to like shut up the crowd. I don't know. That's just me.

CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: It's a lot of energy. Because a lot of times the crowd is like the other team does something and they're still making noise. Like I can't really hear specifically what they're saying, but the fact that they're making noise is in my head like, oh, they're cheering for us now.

REILI RICHARDSON: I think just shutting up the crowd, like Kiara said, and just pushing back.

Q. Yesterday y'all didn't shoot that well from three points in the first half. Tomorrow night might you be hesitant to shoot a lot of three pointers because they can get lead to long rebounds and that could contribute to upping the tempo?
KIARA RUSSELL: I'm just going to say that we're playing with confidence. Everybody's going to have times where they're going to take their shots. They're also going to look inside and out. So we'll have each other's back by rebounding.

Q. Charli, about that close loss last year, this round, I guess how much did it hurt that team to have that opportunity slip away, and how much do you think they carried that experience into tomorrow night?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, Robbi made a good comment yesterday. She's like it just made us hungry. Each player is a little different on how they think about it and remember it. We had some really good seniors in that game, and we don't have anymore.

But that's the incredible part of this team. We don't have one person in our starting lineup that was a full-time starter last year. So for them to be in this position right now is just, you know, a super credit to them and how hard they've worked.

But Arizona State basketball, we're about winning, we're about championships, we're about making deep runs. We didn't want to be knocked out. We knew it was more us than them. I think that's what they knew. We had an untimely turnover, we had a missed box out, and that's what they keep saying things like, we had it and we didn't take it, and they know that.

So I think what it does in a nutshell, it gives them confidence that they absolutely can win this game, you know? And we have these types of environments in our conference, and we talk all the time about mastering the environment. You know, just master the environment and you're going to be fine.

So the things that they're saying, the things that we talk about in that regard, so I think -- again, unless the biggest thing that happens is people start playing as individuals. So you hear them echoing to stay connected, stay connected, and that will be huge for us tomorrow.

Then we have to execute and hit shots and play good basketball as well.

Q. Reili mentioned the tempo before this season. Do you do anything different? Instead of sending one guard back, you send two guards back?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: We kind of do that. We play a three and a half, we have a safety and a ball stopper. With this game sometimes we'll say, hey, just two safeties. Our ball stopper has been fairly ineffective this year. She's been too tired. We're not getting to the ball the way we normally do.

We had a pretty good discussion on that this morning leading into practice. We don't have a scout team. We're not practicing. We're not getting to practice our transition defense. But it is one of the biggest things we worked on after the Pac-12 tournament to now.

So I'm confident that we'll be solid in it. I do think it's one of the biggest keys is our rebounding to win this game. So your question is right on point, and long shots, long rebounds, long rebounds lead to quick transitions. You know, we just shot too many threes in the first half last night. That's just not us. But I think we're going to start with ball stopper safety, and try to get our ball stopper to actually get to the ball, which we haven't been doing. We didn't do that great last night.

But we're athletic. We can get back with them. I think we're plenty fast enough. We just have to get a jump. I thought we had too many soft possessions in transition last night for sure, and we've got to clean that up for tomorrow.

Q. Because Texas is such a good defensive team, if you're not able to control the tempo the way you like it, how will you go about your half court offense to try to create?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, and we had 15 points in transition, so we got going a little bit yesterday. We'll definitely try, obviously, to get their defense because it is so good.

We just, really for us, Texas has pressure. Sometimes they just don't guard people. We're not exactly sure how they're going to play us, but we've seen it all. I think it's probably -- obviously it's going to be a lot harder to get that many second shots. So we have to be more efficient, and we have to finish our plays better. Get the ball to our top scorers better, get more touches for them. Just execute better overall because it's very unlikely that we're going -- however many offensive rebounds we had last night, they're probably going to be a lot stingier about it.

Q. After the game yesterday Coach mentioned you guys were forcing your shots too much. What is going to be key for tomorrow to get back on track?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Kind of what I just said. Not forcing, executing. Getting to the next action when they take away an action. Also just sometimes, obviously purposely our plays are designed to get the person the shot at the end of the action, after four possible looks because you get to this point, defense is so good and people take things away.

So we just have to be patient. We have to wait on the screens. We have to read. They're going to be chasing us over screens and not switching like Nebraska did. So, I actually think some of the less -- switching of the screens might make it a little bit -- I don't know if it will be easier, but it will be something that we've probably played against a little bit more.

But, yeah, this is something we worked on a lot in the break too. Just better execution. We're out there and we're half speed, and we're not waiting on screens, not cutting hard, we're bad. That was us in the first half against Nebraska. I thought we cleaned it up a little bit in the second half, and we just have to build on that tomorrow night.

Q. I believe it's been four years now that the NCAA went to the format where top four seeds are playing at home. One, do you favor that because it generates more fans to venues, or do you think it's unfair that three teams have natural road games where one team has the comforts?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, that's a great question. I mean, obviously big picture-wise we want our tournament to draw. We want people in the stands. We want it to be an atmosphere for the student-athletes, for everybody, for television. We want to be good television. So I get it. I understand.

Obviously as coaches, being a very old coach, we fought for the neutral site. Then when we had the neutral sites and we couldn't draw in them.

Obviously, from a competitive equity standpoint you like neutral sites. But you've got to take all the parts into consideration and all the parts are, you know what, you need -- we want television to want us. We want atmosphere and stuff. I think it's hard.

We'd love to get back to the point where we have neutral sites and we have full stands and big crowds. But we are just not there right now.

Q. Because you sub a lot or very quickly, defenses don't get used to the personnel on the floor because you might be subbing every three to four minutes. How might that play an advantage for you tomorrow?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, I mean, Nebraska had a lot more depth than us, and Texas has a lot more depth than us, and they're both playing more people than we play.

We're just playing hard and get tired. I don't think three to four minute rotations are that short. But it's going to be really important that our bench steps up. I thought they did yesterday big time. Sophia and Jamie, and obviously Kiki, and I thought Junior, Bre Sanders, gave us some quality minutes off the bench, and that's going to be huge again.

We had such a short rotation I have to sub some people quickly, because I kind of have a four-guard rotation. If they all get exhausted at the same time, I can't sub them all. So that's part of our guard rotation.

And the post just kind of feeling the game out. We got in foul trouble a little bit too, and that didn't help us yesterday with our rotation.

Q. I don't want you to give out your game plan right now.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Don't worry, I won't.

Q. When you think of trapping Brooke out of a pick-and-roll or the guards out of a pick-and-roll to have more pressure especially on the half court?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, I guess you'll just have to see, huh?

Q. Does Texas remind you of any team you've played this year?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Just off the top of my head last night I kind of likened them to Oregon in our conference, because Oregon is big, very big inside. They're a great transition team, and they have a great back court. Pick-and-roll, Peck and roll, on-ball screen, action, every possession. That's a comparison, so. We held Oregon in our second game. We just didn't score. Yeah, we had about 20, 25 points below their average.

Q. In tournaments?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: No, it was the last home weekend of conference. But obviously they're different, but that's probably the best comparison. The difference is everybody gets in the last weekend of conference and everybody's tired. Then everybody gets fresh. The transition game is back going and that's what Texas has. Then we have to be ready for that.

Q. Very competitive (Indiscernible) some tall post players, how is it going to be facing a team like Texas?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, I think with Oregon State, with Stanford, we've definitely played teams with good, effective bigs. I think early in the season we struggled with it, and as the season went on, we got a lot better at handling the bigs, because we're obviously not a very big team. So I think we feel confident that we can be solid and get some.

Q. Are you concerned because they are such a big team that sometimes guards who dig and help bigs out?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: You keep wanting me to tell you how we're going to defend them. Yeah, you've got to pick your poison, huh?

Q. Do you ever talk with Tara about anything?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: No, never. No, I'm just kidding. I'm joking. I played for Tara at Stanford. You know, you like Xs and Os and even strategy or?

Q. Or even friendship. I don't know.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Usually when we see each other. We always text each other, and what she says is the best. Obviously as my college coach, I have great respect for her. I probably once or twice over the years I have maybe called and asked her a question or something. I don't think she's called and asked me a question.

But we share scouts during this time of year, and mainly just best wishes and stuff, birthday wishes and things like that.

Q. Brooke, you weren't having the greatest game ever, by your standards. In the third quarter you erupted and took over. What was your mindset when you went on that 12-point quarter?
BROOKE MCCARTY: I just went out there and played, and whatever was open, I took it. My teammates did a great job finding me. They did a great job with box being out and stuff like that. So I just tried to help them as best I could.

Q. Were you disappointed in yourself before that point?
BROOKE MCCARTY: I think every player's disappointed if they don't think they're playing up to their standards. But right now it's not about being disappointed. My team was playing great. So it's not anything that's on my mind. I'm more focused on our team winning.

Q. Ariel, all that said, they're looking at you like you were just kind of showing off in the third quarter because you were so dominant? Did it seem like she was show being off because she was so good in the third quarter?
ARIEL ATKINS: It was Brooke. I started smiling halfway through because I just realized this kid was going off. It was really fun to be playing with her and seeing her smiling. Just seeing her being Brooke again, free flowing. She was having fun playing the game.

Q. Ariel, 42 was a problem for you guys in the first half, getting to the line, making shots. What did you all do to take her away in the second half?
ARIEL ATKINS: I think we did a better job of guarding her as a team, and not leaving whoever is guarding her individually on an island.

Q. LaShann, you had a hot first quarter. What did you see out there and what was going well for you?
LASHANN HIGGS: Well, I realized that at the ball reversal there were lots of driving lanes. So I tried to take advantage of it. Just tried to be aggressive for my team and these two ladies right here next to me.

Q. You guys shot 61% two games in a row now. Is the offense just clicking better right now than it did during the season? If so, why?
LASHANN HIGGS: I would say that it's having more discipline on the offensive end. The discipline to reverse the ball. The discipline to make the right pass. I would just say it's becoming more of a team effort. So I think that's the reason why.

Q. Brooke, could you describe the sense of urgency y'all played with tonight?
BROOKE MCCARTY: I think it was just the excitement of being here for the last time. I mean, Arizona State's a great team, and our fans were incredible tonight. So we just fed off of their energy and we fed off of each other. We knew this would be the last time we'd be able to play in front of our fans this year, especially on our homecourt. So we decided to go out there and give it our all.

Q. How did you not cry when you came out of the game? Neither one of you cried.
BROOKE MCCARTY: Oh, you know, I don't know.

Q. Can you address getting back to the Sweet Sixteen for a fourth time. What kind of standard of excellence do you feel like the senior class is having?
BROOKE MCCARTY: Well, I think it goes back to our coaches. Their body of work is amazing. When you follow something like that, you have no choice but to be great. So I think it just goes out to them and how hard they work. Everybody's just following suit. Everybody's buying into the process. Everybody's buying into the program.

So I think this is what Texas should be every single year, but like Coach said, we can't take it for granted.

Q. Ariel, it seems like we've been talking about this for weeks now. But it is your last game now. Your emotions, your thoughts about playing in it, especially playing at your best when it was your last game?
ARIEL ATKINS: You trying to get me emotional? Yeah, it is hard. Coming into this program I was honestly blessed by God and for him to carry me all the way through this. Just to be a part of it and see it grow from the ground up. It's been a journey, and I'm really thankful and blessed to be a part of it.

Q. Brooke, you've got ten rebounds tonight, game high ten. When you're getting at it, and turning and moving, what is the first thing in your line of vision is you're heading back to the court in transition?
BROOKE MCCARTY: I think our guards run really hard in transition, and Coach has been preaching that we need a rim runner, and I'm just looking up to see whoever is open at the time.

As far as rebounds, we just go back to how hard our posts work. They boxed out really hard tonight, and they had their hands full with the two posts on the other team. I just tried to clean up anything we could, because especially for the guards to get into the rebounding game.

Q. Ariel, do you think you guys are playing your best ball of the season right now?
ARIEL ATKINS: There are definitely some things that we can clean up, but I think we have progressively gotten better over the year.

Q. When you were almost subbed out by Coach, you both sort of stood on the logo and looked up. What did that feel like and what did you say to each other?
ARIEL ATKINS: I don't think we said anything. I actually realized that that was it. You know, you look up and there's a minute left on the clock, probably not getting back in.

Q. Did you want to go back in?
ARIEL ATKINS: I think our younger players were doing a good job. I think they're learning. I think when somebody's number is called, they're showing up. So whatever Coach puts on the floor, I feel like we can produce.

Back to the last part subbing out, I just kind of looked around and looked at Brooke and I was like, wow, it was kind of moments like we're actually done here. So, yeah.

BROOKE MCCARTY: I think she said it all. Yeah, I think at that moment we just realized it was our last time playing in front of our fans. Playing here at the Erwin Center. Just can't put it into words.

Q. Mide was amazing tonight. Your thoughts on her having this breakout game when you really needed that inside force?
ARIEL ATKINS: Mide's been working hard all year. If you guys followed her closely, she's honestly probably one of our most improved players over her time here. So for her to go out and allow herself to be awarded for her work tonight was just so amazing. I'm so proud of her for her game tonight.

BROOKE MCCARTY: Her number was called and she was ready. I think that everybody's saying this is a breakout game, but this is where Olamide shows us every day in practice. And just to see her have fun with it and go out there and really just want to fill her role and be the best that she can. Especially with her smile. I don't know if you saw her smile, but I'm just really proud of her, like Ariel said.

THE MODERATOR: LaShann anything else?

LASHANN HIGGS: They said it all.

Q. Ariel, how much do you know about UCLA?
ARIEL ATKINS: I actually do know some of them that play on that team. They have a good point guard, and they can rebound the ball very well.

Q. Is there any sense of relief getting past? You expected to win. You played two games at home, but you said you can't take it for granted.
KAREN ASTON: I wouldn't call it relief in the sense of, well, yeah, we made it from an expectation standpoint. It's more I'm glad we're rewarded. So when you start to think, today, all day long, it was a long day. My thoughts were more towards them getting rewarded for the work.

I mean, I know you have to go out there and play, nobody's going to hand it to you. But sometimes as a coach, you have teams and it's like they win and maybe they didn't deserve it. But this is a team that I think they earned it, and I wanted them to perform at their best, and I thought they were pretty close to that in these two games. You put the two games together, and they've been pretty ready. I'm proud of that.

Q. The luxury of having senior guards who can take over a game that was not as crisp as you had wanted, could you tell us a little bit about what your thought processes were in the third quarter as you watched your seniors show their experience and took over that game?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I've had a lot of trust in them all year long, and there's been a lot of games that I've had the privilege of watching them take over. Today was -- I mean, I was really proud that Brooke decided to take shots. I mean, sometimes that's what it boils down to for Brooke.

She's really embraced the point guard role this year, and it's crazy to say because she's obviously been the point guard for the last two years solidly. But this year there's been sometimes where she hasn't taken shots in games where we maybe necessarily needed her to, because we do have a lot of options. I thought she let the game come to her today.

She could have forced some stuff in the first half, but I think she could recognize that LaShann was sort of rolling in the first half. But I thought that -- and I think that's the great thing about our guard play is that once one gets going, I think people forget about the other ones, and I think that may be a little bit of what happened in the second half and some stuff opened up for her that wasn't there. But what she's grown into as a point guard is one that doesn't force the issue.

I thought she just -- I thought maybe it was the excitement and the nerves maybe the first half. But I thought she got us into flow better in the second half also. It wasn't just about the scoring. I thought she was a better floor general in the second half.

The first half she seemed a little -- we seemed, not just she, but we all seemed a little rattled maybe because of the early foul trouble, and we threw some combinations in there that weren't normal. But I just thought that she was in a much better flow and pace in the second half, terrific half.

Q. Your thoughts on these two playing their last game at the Erwin Center and what that means to you?
KAREN ASTON: Well, it's a great feeling to know that -- I mean I think any senior, when it's all said and done, what they want to look back on, I mean, you just want to always say I did the best I could. I think I maxxed out. Whether it be -- the greatest feeling of all is to win a championship and be done, because there are no regrets from there, but that hasn't happened but to one team every year.

So the rest of them have to finish up and say, okay, did I do my best? Did I absolutely max out with my career and those two can sleep well. I mean, that, as a coach, you're really happy for players that know that they're ready to move on at some point, and they've gotten the most out of their careers. And I think those two have.

Q. How nice has it been to see this team really take care of business and have -- I don't want to say they were easy games, but relatively stress free coming down the stretch. So whatever you've seen today and yesterday, a handful of upsets of higher seeded teams losing at home, and teams really having to -- and other teams really having to sweat it out at the end of games?
KAREN ASTON: Well, I think that it just goes back to their preparation and the fact that you can tell that they're not ready for this to be over.

I've experienced teams that leapt into postseason play, and you might have a few that just give you this vision that I'm ready to go do something else for a few months or this team has never given me the impression of that. I mean, even when we've had failures, they've come back the next day ready to go, and their preparation was really good for this tournament.

I thought we were ready to play against Maine. I thought we were ready to play today. I think they're showing that. So it's good to see that they're still climbing. They're hungry. I don't think they're satisfied with anything, and that's fun to coach.

Q. During shootaround today, did you have the players visualize the Sweet Sixteen banners? Is that the legacy of at least the two seniors?
KAREN ASTON: I think that's one of their legacies. I know they're striving for more. But we definitely looked up and noticed that. I think 1990 was the last year that there was a run of Sweet Sixteen appearances. I think I was actually fortunate enough to be here in the three in a row, and the 2000s, and then the three in a row that we were on until today.

So just, you know, wanted to let them visualize that and see that they could make a little bit of history or do something that hasn't been done in quite some time.

We've kind of lost the numbers game since Imani graduated. So every once in a while LaShann has to tell me something to remind them, because Imani did that for everybody. She did all the numbers homework. But LaShann is the one that made me aware of that. I mean, we're just living in the moment. I didn't even think about it. But, yeah, that's a great legacy for players.

Again, their look in the locker room was pretty relaxed. I mean, that's a big deal.

Q. There wasn't a wild celebration?
KAREN ASTON: Not at all. Not at all. I think they were more worried about where was the food. Half of them had pretzel they were already eating. Yeah, I think they have bigger goals for sure.

Q. Talk about the challenge UCLA presents to you?
KAREN ASTON: Yeah, they're really good. Seeing them a lot, just randomly watching Pac-12 games in the middle of the night when you can't sleep, then we've got to look at them, not purposely, but in prepping for Arizona State.

We're very familiar with them. We've played them. We've scrimmaged them. We're very familiar and they're a really, really good basketball team, but I thought Arizona State was. I thought we did a great job on the boards tonight.

I'm so proud of our team just in a sense of how good Arizona State has been on the boards at times this year. Looking here and they have five offensive rebounds. I think they had five at half. So I'm not sure if that's right, but I'm pretty sure it is. So really great job.

Q. Mide had 7 boards in 11 minutes and she seemed to be an inspiration to the other players. Could you talk about what she was doing that inspired the others?
KAREN ASTON: She was defending. I mean, let's start right there because we were having some trouble with our post players in the first half. She decided to kind of get up the line and kind of keep them from catching the ball a little bit. She got on help side and made that block. She did some really simple stuff tonight that made the difference in winning and losing, really simple.

Q. The farther you go in this tournament, the bigger the teams get. Post-wise she could be a factor. What's her mindset that told you she was ready to answer the bell and you called her number?
KAREN ASTON: Well, the thing that I noticed about Mide this year as we've gone a long is that she's put in the work, Ariel's absolutely right, and her improvement has been quite dramatic. What's been holding her back is letting go and performing in a game the way she performs in practice. So I think this was a breakthrough.

And she's had a few other moments where it's been encouraging for me to feel like she would do the things that we need her to do. But this was definitely a breakthrough in a big moment, which should give her an enormous amount of confidence as we move on.

I mean, she definitely has done the work. It's just been transferring that into the games.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Robbi, in the first half of the game (Indiscernible)?
ROBBI RYAN: Like Coach said, we're undersized, but we just need to play better on team defense, and we didn't have our posts back. They got a lot of points in transition, and we needed to pick it up. We were inconsistent throughout the game with that, and they took advantage of it.

Q. Kianna, it's a two-point game early in the third. You guys came out fast in the third and that's when Texas took over. What was the biggest difference after you guys had cut it to two to when they took over?
KIANNA IBIS: I would say the biggest difference is rebounding. They just took advantage of their size and they just kept on taking it to us when we weren't ready. They just took advantage of it. Yeah, they just took advantage of the mismatches, and we didn't have help side today. We didn't have great defense today. We didn't play our best defense today, so they really took advantage of that.

Q. Kianna, you had 19 at the half, and you didn't take many shots in the second half. I don't know if you were sitting a long time or what, but why did you not take as many shots in the second half?
KIANNA IBIS: I was just saying we were looking for different people to keep on scoring. When they key in on me, anybody else on my team can score. So we just looked at different options.

Q. Did you like the tempo you all played at?
ROBBI RYAN: Did I like it?

Q. Yeah.
ROBBI RYAN: I don't think we played fast enough throughout the whole game. Just like I said before, Texas took advantage of that, especially in transition offense. We didn't play fast enough to get back. We could have pushed the ball better also.

Q. How would you describe Texas' guards?
ROBBI RYAN: They're very athletic. They're good players. They were on the better end of the stick today.

Q. Do you have a description of them?
KIANNA IBIS: I would say they're really fast, and their senior guards really took over today and they're really crafty players.

Q. You guys have no seniors, but how far do you think -- a year away is a long time, but how much will this experience help all the players that are coming back?
ROBBI RYAN: It will help tremendously. We're going to be the same team plus adding a few new players. So all this experience will really help us. Each year we're getting better and better, so even though this sucks right now, I'm excited for next year.

Q. Did you feel like you all kept Brooke McCarty in check until she went off in the third quarter there with like ten points?
ROBBI RYAN: Yeah, I mean, we let different players kind of get hot. We just were inconsistent. When the play gets hot, we've got to key on them and we didn't. It's just one of the things that didn't work out for us today.

Q. Why they faster than you expected?
ROBBI RYAN: I didn't know what to expect.

Q. You had talked about the need to try to slow down McCarty off the long rebounds and in transition. She got ten boards tonight. How do you try to stop that and why didn't it work tonight?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, we didn't have a safety. We didn't have one in the half, and we really had none back. We just didn't execute at all tonight, nothing. Our whole game plan was don't give them points in the paint. I mean we wanted to overhelp. We knew from the first minute of the game, their whole game plan was just to rip and go on us. And we have to rely on help side; we don't rely on, hey, I got you, don't worry about it.

We play team defense, and we weren't in sync tonight. We weren't there for each other. We let them iso us. We let them get to the point too easily. We weren't tough enough and consistent enough on our boxing out. Yeah, we really wanted -- our game plan was normally we'll come down and be very aggressive and take the first good luck. We saw early that wasn't going to play well, and we said no. We've got to be a little more patient, you know, and work the ball, get to the other side.

And they're good at defending your first and maybe your second action. After that, we knew we'd get a great look. But it's a young team. So they get all happy out there, and we didn't stick with the game plan as well as we could. We just missed.

I mean, we were on fire in the shootaround, on fire in warm-ups, and it's so funny because as Coach says, it doesn't mean anything. The game starts and you're hot, and we had some really good looks that we didn't hit. But more importantly, we just didn't defend. We just don't give up this many points. This has to be the most we've given up all year. We just weren't in sync defensively.

Obviously, I said it before we played this team, McCarty-Atkins is just a great combo. Playing with a sense of urgency. Obviously we gave them way too many looks. It didn't help us that our starting center had two fouls before we could blink. They really never let -- I mean, that's the key to shut down (Indiscernible), okay, and she was standing on the play. So she didn't get to play.

That hurt us, that hurt us a lot. That hurt our rotation, and our interior defense, and she's one of our best help side defenders. They called it, so it is what it was, but obviously that affected us.

Q. Did you think communication on defense was what you wanted it to be?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: No, definitely not. And they said that at halftime. They have to talk better. We were just out of position, you know? It was kind of like we were in the Nebraska game. We didn't have our help side in the Nebraska game, and we said, you guys we cannot worry about the three point shots. We are in. We know they're going to drive a lot. You know, we just didn't quite lock in.

Q. Were you surprised Texas went small in the first half? They went with 12 guys.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: No, they've been doing it quite a bit. We anticipated that. We figured Kianna's a tough match-up for anybody. When they went small, put her inside. They went big, and we put her on her shots. It's hard to know how to guard her really.

It's hard because we need three people going, and we only had her going today. We didn't get our other scorers going, and that was tough.

Q. Yet, Coach, you were within two points early in the third and something broke loose. Was there a turning point, a play, something specific that happened that went the other way?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, I think that's the difference between a senior-junior team, and a sophomore-junior team. We're right there, and then all of a sudden we go back to a quick shot, safety lay-up. Then we carried that over and would let it bother us and we'd get a silly foul.

It was, to me, just that level of experience and maturity where even though we've been that team that's done it to other teams, obviously Texas is a little better at it than us. We needed to respond a little bit quicker. Next year's going to be very exciting. We just didn't have any depth this year too.

We see our guards. We just got tired. Everybody wants to talk about us subbing. Texas is the one subbing a ton of people. I'm like why are you having me sub? I don't have depth. I don't have one guard in the rotation. And then a freshman who did a mice job for us. We have two, but we were pretty limited this year.

That's why I'm just so proud of this too. We just toughed it out. That team as physical, fast, explosive as they are, coming, coming, coming, you would have loved to have two more players to keep up with them. Because I thought we were down a little bit, and we overplayed Kianna a little bit too.

Q. You guys lose Sabrina early on and still find a way to finish impressively in conference play. What is the outlook looking for this program for next year?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I think we're very excited to be back up to like a Top 10 level next year. We're going to be the senior-junior team next year. The kids that we have coming in are really, really good. Really good. It's going to be exciting to have the depth and experience. We're going to look a lot more like the teams that are still playing right now, with just that great depth and more scoring.

But, again, these guys, you've got to love them. They battled and fought through. If we had one more guard, if we had Sabrina, I know that obviously that would have made a huge difference in terms of being able to sustain like Texas sustained because that's the difference. The top teams, the elite teams just sustain it.

Q. How do you see the Texas match over UCLA?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, they're both great transition teams. I think it's going to be a fantastic game. I think Texas probably has a little more depth. I think both have really good seniors.

So I think UCLA's challenge might be the inside game a little bit, but they've handled that with Oregon and Stanford and other teams in our conference. But it's going to be a track meet. It's going to be a really fun game.

Q. Did you do anything special for Brooke McCarty early with screens because she's so small?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, we were just trying to get up over her, you know, chase her over and we just got soft. We played soft on a couple possessions, and then I think one she might have gotten on the kickout. I can't quite remember. But Robbi was on her, Robbi had been guarding Atkins, and Robbi's not ready for the refusal, so it was just a tough night.

Q. Tough night to guard?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, yeah. No excuses. Hat's off to Texas. Karen's done an unbelievable job with that program. We played like Mississippi State. We played everybody in our conference. There are three Top 10 teams right there, maybe four, and Texas is as good as any of them. So I'm sure they'll -- it will be interesting.

I got to back the Pac so, go Bruins, but, I do think Karen's done a great job and they have a great team.

Q. JaVonna, I already talked to you a little bit about playing in Louisville, your hometown, but you're here again. You were here last year. What does it mean to be back on this court with another chance?
JaVONNA LAYFIELD: It means everything. We come here to get the job, try to get a win. That's really what it is. It's not about me playing at home, it's not about me being in front of family. I mean, it's exciting, but at the end of the day, I have a job to do, and that's what we're here to do.

Q. You've had a terrific senior season. What's been the biggest change for your game from the standpoint of rebounding the basketball and what you were able to do this year at 5'10", 5'11"?
JaVONNA LAYFIELD: Just me having confidence in myself, my team having confidence in me, and just pushing myself to the best of my ability. I just found my niche, and just the best I can.

Q. JaVonna, how many people are you expecting to come watch you tomorrow?
JaVONNA LAYFIELD: Probably 30, 33 people, quite a bit.

Q. Jenna or Alex, you've seen some film on Marquette now; what do you see on film?
ALEX HARRIS: As you said, they like to push the pace a little bit. Their main thing is just to get in the paint and that just coincides with our key things, to keep them out of the paint. We don't really have to really change anything.

JENNA BURDETTE: Yeah, they like to run and so do we. I don't think they've faced a team that runs as hard as we do or gets out in transition like we do, so I think that's a good thing for us. I mean, no one really likes to play against pace teams, so it'll be fun.

Q. This question is addressed to all three of you. What's the biggest difference from last year's team to this year's team and sort of being in the same spot, but also sort of some of the same pieces but sort of a different squad?
JENNA BURDETTE: I think this year we just really pulled together and had a tremendous A-10 season. I think it's carried us through to where we are now, and just off the court we're really close, and I think that helps us on the court, just to have good -- I don't know, we just work well together. Chemistry, thank you.

ALEX HARRIS: Like Jenna said, we're very close. Last year we were close, but I believe this year we've grown a lot closer, and age is a big difference. We're kind of veterans that have played on a playing field like this, and we have no pressure.

JaVONNA LAYFIELD: Just what these two just said, I just think that our chemistry on court has grown tremendously in the past year, and we're all great friends, and we just really work well together. We're all veterans, so I think that plays a big part in the difference between last year and this year.

Q. This is a very experienced team. We talked about the seniors being here three years. Do you even have to talk to them about the pressures of playing here, or are they just so used to it you don't have to worry about that?
SHAUNA GREEN: We don't really talk about that in any game, whether it's the A-10 championship or whether it's the NCAA Tournament. I mean, they know. I don't have to tell them what's at stake here. I don't have to tell them really anything about that. They know what's on the line. They know what has to be done. Now it's just a matter of them coming out really, and like I told them today, the main thing that I want to see, I just want us to play as hard as we possibly can play. I want to see us leave everything out there, every ounce of us, just leave it on the floor and have no regrets. Whatever happens, I want to walk off that floor with zero regrets, especially these seniors. I want them to leave it all out there really. We don't have to get into too much about that with this group because they are, they've been here. I mean, two of these seniors have been to the NCAA Tournament three out of their four years, so they are experienced, they know what it's about, and they know what it takes to win here, too, because their freshman year they were part of our Elite 8 team.

We're coming here not just to be happy to be here. We're coming in here with a goal and a task at hand to accomplish.

Q. In the way that Marquette plays, can you look back this season and sort of compare them to a team that you've already played?
SHAUNA GREEN: I mean, they're different than probably any team in our league, but Richmond plays similar to them that we've played more recently. But they're different. They're very athletic. They have a couple -- I mean, they're just a very good team, number one, overall across the board with a really, really good player in Brockton, who was Big East Player of the Year. I have a ton of respect for them and how they play, the pace at which they play, and that's going to be -- it's not -- you can't really simulate that, either, in a practice. Luckily we play really, really fast, so we play against it every day, in terms of what we do. So I don't think that they're that similar to any team in our conference, but like I said, we play like that, too, so it should be an exciting game really for people to watch I would think. It's not going to be a walk-the-ball-up-the-floor type of game, so it should be entertaining.

Q. We already know JaVonna is going to have a good fan club there, but some of those home games toward the end of the season we've had really good crowds at Dayton. Are you expecting a decent crowd, and talk about how that can give you a little bit of an advantage or home-court advantage being so close to Dayton?
SHAUNA GREEN: Yeah, I mean, last year we were down here, and we had a really good crowd, and that was with our men playing the night before, so some people had to choose where they were going. So hopefully with us just playing tomorrow, hopefully we can get a good crowd down here from Dayton, and I would assume it is, only two and a half hours away, so hopefully we'll have a good following. Like you said, our crowds really the last month have been unbelievable, which hopefully that can carry over and to come down here. Last year, too, a lot of Louisville fans stayed for our game, so it was a great atmosphere here, and these guys love their basketball in this town, so I know it's going to be full. Hopefully it'll be full of Louisville fans and then Dayton fans, and hopefully Marquette doesn't travel as much so we can have a full amount of red in here.

Q. And then with the way Tiaera is really developing her rebounding, what added dimensions does that give to the team's balance?
SHAUNA GREEN: It's been huge, and last year she did it at a high level, and this year she's been rebounding at an elite level. When you talk about her being in the top four or five in the country of rebounding at 5'10", which I just -- we just measured ourselves in the hallway, and I am taller than her. I'm six feet, so she's under my size. It's amazing. What she does is amazing at her height. It's really -- I've said it all year, but it's all part -- I can't teach it. I wish I could sit here and say that we taught her it. We didn't. She has an innate ability to pursue the ball, and she has an unbelievable knack for just making a read. We need her to do that at an elite level in order for us to win games, and we're going to need her to do that tomorrow if we're going to win this game.

Q. Obviously you were an assistant when the Flyers made that Elite 8 run. Can you talk about JaVonna and Jenna and their development from then to where they are now?
SHAUNA GREEN: Yeah, it's been night and day. I mean, it feels like longer than four years. It feels like 40 years ago. But you know, Jenna was our starting point guard as a freshman on that team, which is really remarkable, and for how much she's grown on the floor, off the floor, as a basketball player, as a human being, it's just been night and day. She was a little quiet kid that was probably just in awe back then of even playing with Hoover and Ally and all them and starting, and now she's taken this team, and it's her team, and she's the heart and soul of our team. She still doesn't say that much, but she leads by example, and she leads by how she comes out every single day.

And then J didn't even play hardly at all her freshman year, so how she's developed and now into these last two years being a really critical part of our success has been absolutely amazing, and her growth, obviously, as a player, but then I look at her growth as a person has just been -- I mean, we laugh about it. You've got to laugh now because we weren't laughing at the time. She's really grown into an unbelievable person. It's cool to have been able to be here and see their growth, both of them, to this day.

Q. You don't play a deep rotation, but how important will your bench be in a game like this?
SHAUNA GREEN: Yeah, you're right, and that's something that obviously we're used to playing, 40 minutes a game with most of our starters, but this is going to be at a whole 'nother pace, and defensively, as well. So our bench and the couple people that will come off of the bench are going to be big. They need to come in, they need to bring energy, they need to be solid defensively, and they need to be able to manufacture some points. We don't need them to be anything that they're not. We always talk about that, just add some fire, add some energy, but do what you do and be who you are. But we need a little bit of production in terms of offense, and then we need them to be really, really solid in terms of taking care of the basketball and playing defensively very solid.

Q. Is there a benefit to being back here and playing in Louisville for the second time in two years?
SHAUNA GREEN: Yeah, I mean, I looked at it from the positive side of we know. Everything is familiar to us. The arena, we've been here. We have the same locker room, everything we're used to, and I think that that's definitely an advantage. It's not something that we can bus down here, it's not like we've got to get in a plane and fly. I think that definitely helps us.

Last year us losing that game, they know, like I said, this is a veteran team, and yes, we learned a lot, and I had told them two weeks ago after the A-10 Tournament, and we had planned on getting in, getting an at-large, we're happy and we're very excited to be here, but we have business we want to take care of. We're not just happy to be in it. We want to win a game, and all we focus on is one day at a time, so we'll focus on the next game after that, but we want to come here and get the job done and win this game tomorrow.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Erika, obviously a big matchup against Layfield. What have you been kind of scouting? What's the key to shutting her down?
ERIKA DAVENPORT: Just, you know, playing our hardest, just basically taking away her strengths and stuff, and just basically -- just basically just playing my hardest, and just basically, like I said, taking away her strengths.

Q. You had quite the performance against Quinnipiac last year at this stage. What kind of confidence boost does that bring, and what did you take away from that?
ERIKA DAVENPORT: Basically from like just that, just never take anyone lightly, to play your hardest at any stage because you never know when it's going to be over. You have to win to survive.

Q. If you could each talk about what you think a team's strength is of Marquette and then what you feel like a strength is that you've seen when you've scouted Dayton.
AMANI WILBORN: A team strength of Marquette, of course, is our tempo. Just playing fast, and I think a strength of Dayton's would be rebounding. We have to keep them off the boards.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: I'd say a team strength of us is our chemistry. We really know where each other is on the floor, and we do a good job of when someone is hot or someone is on a roll, feeding that hot hand and finding each other. Like we know our strengths really well. And the team strength of Dayton is they run their sets really well. They're very deliberate, and they know what action they want. They do a good job using that action.

DANIELLE KING: I would say our strength would be our disruptive full-court defense. We really get after the ball, ball hawk a lot. And a strength of Dayton is their point guard. They have a strong point guard. She runs the team a lot, so disrupting her would be a good strength for us to attack.

ERIKA DAVENPORT: A strength of ours is our speed. We want to try to get them down the court as fast as we can in transition. And a strength of Dayton is that they have just phenomenal players, like they have players that can be on the perimeter, go inside or outside, and their transitions are really well.

Q. Most of you guys have -- actually all of you guys have been here before, but one player that hasn't is Selena Lott. What have you guys been telling her to prepare her for this experience?
DANIELLE KING: Stay aggressive. She's a great defender, and when she scores, she helps us a lot, too. She had a strong game against DePaul in the tournament, and we just want her to keep that same energy and bring it.

AMANI WILBORN: Again, our defense, and just knowing that defense creates offense, and when she's out there playing hard in defense, that brings the energy for us and to keep the tempo going.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Just keeping her confident, also. When you're on this stage it doesn't matter if you're a senior or you're a freshman or sophomore. It's just all about confidence at this level, and everyone has come to play hard, and obviously she doesn't play like a freshman, so it's just keep reminding her of that and how she's a big part of our team, just keeping her engaged.

ERIKA DAVENPORT: Kind of like what they said, just to stay aggressive and most importantly to have fun. It's March, and this should be a fun time.

Q. Does it get any less nerve-racking the second time around?
ERIKA DAVENPORT: I think it's even more fun.

DANIELLE KING: Yes, it's always fun and a privilege to play in March. Not a lot of teams make it this far, so we always look at it as an opportunity to have fun and show our best basketball.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: I think the most nerve-racking time is during the selection show because you're kind of just sitting there. You really don't know when your name is going to be called, but once you found out where you're playing, you know, another game that you prepare for and you get focused for, then it just goes out the window.

AMANI WILBORN: Yeah, I think the same thing. It's not just nerve-racking when you're preparing for it, but just as a team going out there confident.

Q. I'd like to hear what your one pregame ritual is.
AMANI WILBORN: I'm superstitious, so I have a lot. But I think the biggest thing that I think my most important ritual is praying. Not necessarily praying for a win but praying that we go out and give it our hardest, pray that no one walks away injured, so I think that's something that I keep in the forefront.

DANIELLE KING: I'm a big hype person, so I have to listen to music. My favorite artist is MacNeal before the game, so listening to him gets me pumped up.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: I also pray before each and every game, and I'm kind of with Dani, too, I like to listen to music.

ERIKA DAVENPORT: For me, I'm not really superstitious, so I really try to like go over scout in my head and what's our strength and what we're trying to do, so I just listen to music, relax, take a lot of deep breaths.

Q. First of all, how does your approach change having coached this team, almost this exact same team a year ago on this same stage?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I think the biggest thing that I learned is last year we were just so intent on making the NCAA Tournament, we talked about that all year, and then when we got there, it was like, okay now what. And all year long we've been talking about going farther than this program ever has been before, so I think that was one thing that I changed is let's not just make the goal to get to the tournament, let's make the goal to win a couple games and advance as far as we can.

Q. JaVonna Layfield really provides tough matchup terms, a double-double machine. How are you guys kind of preparing for her?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Yeah, I think their entire team is really versatile, so they have a lot of good players that we need to key in on, but we have to keep her off the glass. Obviously anyone who can put up a double-double the entire season is phenomenal, so I think we'll throw different bodies at her, change it up a little bit, and just make sure we're focused on the glass.

Q. How important is it going to be, you mentioned sharing the ball before, and Dayton really one of those really good defensive teams, I think 35 percent shooting that they allow. What's been the focus going in with that?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I think we're at our best when we're sharing and we're taking Marquette shots. We've done a really good job, and I think we led the Big East in field goal percentage, so for us we have to take the shots that we want and not the shots that Dayton is trying to force us into. I think we do a good job of an inside-outside presence, and we have to continue that as we play this 40-minute game.

Q. Obviously Dayton is the focus, but if you win, two days away, Louisville, a top seed. How do you balance playing for tomorrow and also -- if you play Louisville, obviously a very tough matchup that's going to take a lot of planning?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Yeah, there is no tomorrow if you don't win today, so that's what we're focused on. We haven't talked one ounce of Louisville. We've been focused on Dayton, and that's one thing that I think we've got to make sure you can't overlook any team in March, and obviously Dayton is a phenomenal team with a phenomenal tradition in the NCAA Tournament and what they've been able to do over the course of their program history. So for us, you know, we're just focused on that.

Q. And then do the emotions change, too, with last year you were coming off a Big East title, highest seed in program history, now a bit more of a low after that big loss, the biggest loss while you've been a head coach. How does that change the mindset?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Wow, buddy. No, I mean, every game is different, and for us, last year we won the Big East and we lost our first-round game. This year we're planning on doing the opposite. We didn't win the DePaul game, but we're planning on going further. That game is over, and it might still be in your mind but it's not in ours, and we're focused on this game right here, so that's all our team is worried about.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. For either of the players, how difficult was their pressure? Were you surprised by how tough it was to get the ball up the court?
LAUREN CANNATELLI: I don't think we were too surprised. I think Coach Green and the coaches did a good job of preparing us, practicing on our press break and being mentally prepared for the pressure they were going to bring. I don't think we executed very well most of our press breaks. So I think that was a major contributing factor.

JAYLA SCAIFE: Basically what Lauren said. We prepared pretty well for their pressure. We knew they were going to do that. When Jenna went out, just kind of took us out of it a little bit with us being comfortable with her bringing the ball up. That was really good.

Q. How tough was their leading scorer Hiedeman? She came out on fire and even finished strong. What did you guys try to do to try to defend her?
JAYLA SCAIFE: We were just trying to contest all her shots, not let her get any open shots. Just stay in front of her was our biggest thing with her. Just not letting her get any open shots was basically our game plan for her.

LAUREN CANNATELLI: I think a player like her, she's going to get her points. We just had to make sure we boxed out and got the rebound. They got a lot of offensive rebounds. I think that's something we could have done better. We probably could have done better just playing more of a team defense and getting in our gaps and higher up in the gaps and help side, and our rotations were a little slow as well.

Q. I know it's tough to look ahead right now, but you're both coming back next season. What do you gain from experiences this season, and how are your hopes for next year?
LAUREN CANNATELLI: I think we have really high expectations for next year. Obviously, I want to get back here. I want to win a game. I want to make a run in the NCAA Tournament. It's always a goal of ours. So we're going to get back to it and hit it hard this summer and just get back to work.

JAYLA SCAIFE: Coach Green always talks about one day at a time, one step at a time. So I feel like our first goal is really just to get through the A-10. That's always just our focus. And in the long run, to get back here and make our run. But we have a lot of pieces. The seniors left a great legacy for us to just follow in and just continue to go up in.

Q. This is for the players. Just talk about you got off to that great start, and then Hiedeman ended up with 32. She really got them going. Kind of talk about that. I know I've seen players do that before, but she really got hot, and you basically couldn't stop her.
LAUREN CANNATELLI: I think we started the game off with a pretty good run, and then when Jenna got her two fouls, we just kind of went into a lull, and I had a couple of turnovers. I think that's just how the flow of the game goes. Each team is going to make runs, and we just didn't really have an answer for it.

I think we came back in the third quarter and did better in that respect, but we just didn't really have a response.

JAYLA SCAIFE: It's like just she's a really good player. With players like that, you can't let them get hot because every shot they're going to put up is more than likely going to go in. They definitely got the momentum the second quarter when Jenna went out, and she just kind of went off. Honestly, all we can do is just learn from it and not let that happen again and just continue to grow.

Q. It seems like when you guys needed a spark, it was JaVonna who was really providing it. Can you talk about her leadership, especially playing in her hometown?
JAYLA SCAIFE: Jay does a lot for the team on and off the court. She's a great energy player, not just with the rebounds, but telling people just to keep their heads up, just encouraging us always. Definitely, when she brings that energy, it definitely carries over into the team. I know that, when I first got here last year, she was the one that kind of took me under her wing. So I really appreciate everything she's done.

LAUREN CANNATELLI: Yeah, I agree. Whenever she gets a big rebound, like offensive rebound, it's always a big spark for us. So I think her contributing that way was really big for us today.

Q. What was most impressive about what they did? You kind of battled back in the third quarter and would get it down a little bit, and then they'd come right back.
LAUREN CANNATELLI: I think they just had like a lot of different scores. Number 5, obviously, 32 points. 11, 12. I think we just didn't really do a good job of our rotations, as I mentioned earlier, as well as just offensively just staying poised and limiting turnovers. We were prepared for their pressure, but we just didn't execute very well today.

JAYLA SCAIFE: Yeah, basically what Lauren said. Just our rotations kind of really, it took a lot out of us. I feel like our initial keeping the ball in front was good, and then after a while, we just kind of got lax in the defensive possession. Just something we definitely have to work on and get better from.

Q. Kind of the same thing that I asked the players about. Once she got hot, they were only 7 for 21, I believe, in the first quarter or the first half -- excuse me. In the first quarter. Just talk about what she got going. Did you try to change defenses? Did you do anything to limit her? Or just her play was so good today? Just talk about that.
SHAUNA GREEN: We ran every defense that we possibly could run today. We haven't been -- we haven't zoned. We zoned. We haven't pressed. We pressed. We tried -- everything that we have in our arsenal, we threw out there. That's why a team like Marquette, that's why they're so dangerous because they're so -- every single -- all five of their starters could go off like that. They're all capable of putting up 20-some points. They do it in multiple ways.

You worry about Blockton, and then you have Hiedeman coming out, and you worry about one and then the next one. I give them credit because teams have been daring them to shoot threes, and then you have Hiedeman that comes out and is 8 for 12.

And we weren't going to dare them, we respect them. Our game plan was to have a hot hand. I mean, we were switching a lot of stuff. So there's really no excuse that she should have got eight threes that are open. We didn't execute our game plan. We didn't execute coming out and switching aggressively and getting hot hands.

And no matter what game plan you have or what scout, when a player starts hitting two or three threes, that's just -- you've got to do something, and you've got to get up in them. Give them credit. They made plays, and every time we made a run, they came back, and they got a stop, or they made a play.

Q. Always tough saying good-bye to the seniors, and a couple of these players were on the great team in 2015. Did you have any final words after the game for them in the locker room? What can you say to wrap up their careers?
SHAUNA GREEN: I mean, there's nothing you could say right now that's going to make them feel better. I mean, they wanted to win. I told them -- I thanked them, obviously. They've given so much. And I think you could see it out there. They just, they wore down. I mean, they wore down. Jenna, what she's done -- I mean, she played another 40 minutes. I think you said it. She's played -- her and Lauren played like the last how many games, 40 minutes.

At the end of the day, you look at them. I told her, I ask so much of you. Just wore down. Her shots didn't shore. They've been huge for this program. They've set the tone of how you go about your business, how you work. I wanted this game so much for them to go out and get another win here, but we just didn't have it. We didn't have it.

The last couple games, like I said, I don't know if it's fatigue or what, we just didn't have that spark to us that you saw for 17 games. Maybe it is just they're tired, you know. So they're upset, obviously. They're hurt. But they need to be proud, and they need to walk out of here, and I told them, with their head high in what they've done for Dayton basketball. The mark they've made has just been huge.

Q. You mentioned them playing that many minutes. Are you looking forward to having a deeper bench next year? We know you had injuries and players sitting out this year.
SHAUNA GREEN: And you saw our limit of our players today hurt us. We got in foul trouble, and there's -- you know, Jenna goes out, and I put her back in, but I -- we don't have Lauren. I mean, I give her so much credit. She's not a point guard, and she's played point guard for Jenna the last two years as her backup. Our injuries, they obviously presented some problems that you don't have a backup point guard. I couldn't even get Jenna a minute here or there the last couple weeks in games just because of that.

So I thought you saw today, when you get in foul trouble -- I mean, three of our players were in foul trouble and couldn't play really the first half. And then I put Jenna back in. I think you saw that our depth today was just it came in to be a major, major factor.

So, yes, to answer your question, I'm excited about next year.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Natisha, you really had it going at the beginning. What did you see from the defense that they were giving you?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: I just had open shots, and Coach was kind of giving me the green light. If you have open shots, take them. And that's pretty much for anybody. So I was just taking the shots that I saw.

Q. And this could really be for any of you guys. You did a really good job getting in the passing lanes. How much of that was a point of emphasis, and why do you think the execution worked out so well?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: That was a big goal of us coming into this game. We knew they were all versatile, they all can shoot. So a big part of our defense was denying, and I think we did a really good job of having our hands in the passing lane at that moment.

ERIKA DAVENPORT: Like she said, that was a big game plan of ours. Just getting in the passing lanes, trying to set up our offense on the other side.

NATISHA HIEDEMAN: I would just say that we've been amping up the pressure and intensity in practice, and I think that carried over to the game. It showed. I mean, the amount of turnovers they had kind of benefited us.

Q. And to Erika, after Natisha really had it going, it seemed like you got some good looks. Did it help that she was drawing so much attention from the defense?
ERIKA DAVENPORT: Most definitely. We love to go inside-out. So when Ti was -- she was on fire tonight. It opened up a lot of things for me. She found me on a lot of plays.

Q. Allazia, you didn't really have things going right away, but you pick it up in the second half. What do you think kind of led to that slow start?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Just over thinking my shots. Some nights it's not going to go in. But I'm the type of player I can get it going fast, and I score in bunches. Coach is just preaching to me keep my head in it, and I think I did a great job of it, just kept my head in it. Ti was hot. When she's shooting like that, I don't really need the ball anyway.

She was doing her thing, and that's one thing about her team, like Coach said, anybody can go off. I was just playing off her and waiting to get the open shots, and I knocked them down in the second half.

Q. Can you talk about what kind of clicked after that opening run, stayed calm and battled back from an eight-point deficit early?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Can you repeat the question? Sorry.

Q. Can you talk about what just clicked after that opening run by Dayton, how you guys stayed calm and were able to battle back?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: We caught a pretty quick time-out, but our coaches told us just get our heads back in the game, play our game, and after that time-out, we just started picking up the tempo and finding the open players and just kind of shut down their run a little bit.

ERIKA DAVENPORT: Like she said, we just took a deep breath, just kept playing. I felt like a lot of us were anxious. So we just had to calm down and play our game.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Just to piggy-back off what they said, like she said, Erika said, we were anxious. We had a lot of good looks, and we were just missing them, over thinking them. So once we got in the huddle, Coach told us to take a big deep breath, and I think that calmed us all down, and we were able to go on a run after that.

Q. Excuse me if you've already heard this question, but when you're down, Natisha, could you have expected to have contributed so much yourself, to have those three-pointers, I guess, as the first 15 points, to really get your team back in the game?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Well, I just -- it's March. If you lose, you go home. I'm not trying to lose. So I just kind of took it into my hands for a hot second and tried to put the ball in the hoop. My players -- my teammates, they realized that I was hot, and then after the first quarter, then we were just finding each other.

So basically, I just didn't want to lose. None of us want to lose.

Q. So I asked players about it, but I'll ask you about it. Really great job getting into the passing lanes. What was -- how much of an emphasis was that going in? And why do you think the team executed it so well?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I think we talked about their three-point shooting ability a lot over the last five days. Like the players said, we wanted to get in the deny and make sure that we were trapping ball screens and had our hands up. We compete for the most deflections on the team, and obviously that's a strength of ours to be able to turn the ball over and get the tempo going.

I think our players bought in, and they worked really hard tonight. I think they played -- or they played personnel better than they've played in a long time, which was phenomenal.

Q. Could you have expected to make so many threes? Aside from what she did from long range to really turn a game like that, just to keep it from getting out of control.
CAROLYN KIEGER: I think, just like Natisha, our entire team scores in bunches. And when we're hot and we're confident, we're really hard to defend. I think that's what happened tonight. One player got hot, and we feed off each other's energy. Then Allazia knocked down three threes as well.

For us, we feed off each other's success, which is, I think, the most fun thing to watch on our team. You see their smiles. You see their energy, and you see them celebrating each other. When that happens, I know we're in good shape.

Q. As a followup, what was the most important thing that you saw in that early stretch before the time-out to really kind of get things under control? What weren't they doing?
CAROLYN KIEGER: You know, I don't think it was anything we weren't doing. I thought, like they said, we got great looks. We missed a bunch of bunnies around the rim. Obviously, our hearts were pumping a little bit. We just needed to settle in. Needed to slow down a little bit and focus on the game plan.

I thought our team did a phenomenal job of weathering the storm and staying tough and battling through adversity, which is something that we've talked a lot about since the DePaul game. So I'm really proud of our toughness and how we handled that.

Q. And as you were saying about being in deny mode really meant that you guys weren't really spending that much time in your half-court offense and a lot of time in transition. What impact do you think that had on the team's offense tonight?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I think any time we can get out in transition and we can flow into our offense versus walk the ball up, that's where our team is most comfortable. So when we can get our hands on loose balls or we can get tips and deflections and we're running at a full head of steam, that's when I think we're playing off each other the best and finding each other versus dribbling up the court and slowing the game down.

Q. And looking ahead to Sunday with Louisville, got a chance to scout them a little bit before this, what are your initial take-aways of what they do well?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Well, when you're the No. 1 seed, you do a lot of things well. I think we're just really excited for the opportunity to play a No. 1 seed on their home floor. They have two really high level scorers, and we're going to have to do a really good job on Hines-Allen. They're big. We've got to pack the paint and make sure we can rebound with them.

I think we have an advantage in the open court, and I think our girls will be excited for that matchup. At this point, we have nothing to lose. I think we will love the opportunity to come out here and see what we can do.

Q. How much of this is a program kind of statement when you were kind of waiting for that hurdle, didn't get it last year, and now you finally get an NCAA Tournament win?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Yeah, I think we've been waiting for this moment the entire year. I still remember the locker room feeling at the end of the Quinnipiac game. I think our players were really motivated by that. They were really disappointed last year, and I think they came out and proved that their hard work over the past year has paid off.

When you sit on that feeling for an entire year and you finally get the opportunity to redeem yourself, I think we did it in a big fashion tonight. I'm very proud, like I said, of our adversity. This wasn't just how we played tonight, I think this is a reflection of how hard we've worked in the last year.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports
Q. Natisha, have you had a chance to digest what happened yesterday and just look at everything you've done and put it in some kind of context?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Yeah, last game, it was a great game. I'm just excited for the next one, focused on the next game.

Q. As competitors, did you guys watch the Virginia/UMBC game last night, and do you have any reaction to it, and just your thoughts on playing Louisville?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Yeah, it was pretty amazing what UMBC did last night and I was kind of in awe because it's the first time it happened in history, but it just shows how much heart they fought with.

And my thoughts on playing Louisville, everyone knows Louisville is a great team so I know it's going to be a great game. It's going to go down to the wire, and at the end of the day it's going to be who wants it the most and who follows the game plan the best.

NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Yeah, I was just going to say it's March, anything can happen, so that win, like I said, like 'Zia said, it goes down in history, the first time a 16 seed beat a No. 1 seed.

And as far as Louisville, I'm excited for the game. I'm excited to play at their home court. They have a great fan base, and it's going to be exciting and a great atmosphere.

Q. You call thrived on defense yesterday, got a lot of success out of that. What do you have to do differently against Louisville? What kind of challenge do they provide for you that you have to shut down?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Their team is very versatile, so we're just going into the game with a game plan, and if we execute it, I think that we'll be able to shut players down, and hopefully our defense can help us get our offense.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Just understanding what we want to get out of each defensive coverage I think will be very important, so what we want to get out of whatever defense we play in that particular moment of the game is going to be key for us.

Q. You're playing against another team that can really push the pace. What challenges do you expect this time around?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Well, we like to push the pace, too, and they like to push the pace, so I think it works perfect for us in that aspect because we're a fast team, so it plays right into our hands, so we're excited for that.

NATISHA HIEDEMAN: I would say the faster the pace, the better for us. That's been our game plan since day one, and if the tempo is in our hands, I think we're going to come out with a good win hopefully.

Q. Louisville is a program that's kind of gotten to top three pretty quickly the last five or so years. Is this kind of what you guys are trying to target, both you guys juniors, kind of seeing this rebuild happen, is this kind of where the end goal is, somewhere like Louisville is in right now?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Like yesterday we were watching the game a little bit, and just their fan base is incredible, and I hope in 10 years or whenever we come back to Marquette, Marquette is like that. It started with us, so just hopefully seeing that, it'll mean a lot.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Like Louisville has a great culture, and that's what we're establishing here, and I'm glad that me and Natisha's class will be the first ones to start this culture, so like she said, coming back 10 years from now and seeing the stuff that we built will be amazing. So yeah, that's a goal of ours.

Q. Allazia, how do you like playing a team that kind of looks like you? The match-up seems to be very similar. How much do you like playing that kind of match-up?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: It's great because we just go out there and we think of it like we're playing ourselves. They're athletic, they're versatile, we're athletic and we're versatile. I think it'll be a great match-up, and we like playing teams like that.

Q. You hit eight threes yesterday. Were you just on or did you take advantage of a hole in the defense? How do you explain your performance yesterday?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: I was just on, and my teammates were finding me the ball. Those were just the shots that were given to me, so I was taking them. Yeah, they was just going in.

Q. Natisha, what kind of pressure do you expect to see from Louisville to kind of shut you down? Do you feel like they're going to send a few players at you, or how do you see that match-up?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: If that's the case, that'll be perfect because then if they're going to do that, somebody else on the floor is going to be open. Everybody on our team is capable of scoring. I mean, one night it could be me, one night it could be Allazia, it could be Amani Wilborn, Erika Davenport, literally anybody on our team, so they're going to have to be pretty strategic and figure out who they're going to guard.

Q. You're here at Louisville seeing a program that's developed rapidly. Is this kind of your end target as you're trying to establish this culture?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I mean, absolutely, yes, to beat the best, to be the best, so we know we're going to have to go through a No. 1 seed at some point. But I think our program, our young ladies, our staff is really up for the challenge, obviously in an atmosphere that's great for women's basketball. We're excited for a packed house, for loud noise, and an awesome March atmosphere.

Q. When you look back at yesterday's game, I guess after those first few minutes, did it kind of unfold the way you thought in terms of what you wanted from your team?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Yeah, after the first time-out, absolutely. I thought our team did a phenomenal job responding and calming each other down. After that, I thought we were back to ourselves, that we started to take a deep breath, and you could tell they became a little bit less anxious and ready to play, and obviously Natisha Hiedeman's performance, you ask her, she's always been a primetime player. That's who she is. She loves playing under the lights. What you guys saw yesterday we've seen several times in practice. We've seen it several times in other games. She did the same thing to Oregon State last year. She just explodes for points in a hurry. So for her, she loves this moment. She loves the limelight, and you saw that perfectly yesterday. Thankfully it happened in a big moment.

Q. How similar do you see the match-ups between your team and Louisville?
CAROLYN KIEGER: You know, I think we're similar in some aspects. We're very different in others. They obviously have size on us. I think we have quickness at some positions on them. I think I'm looking forward to a great game. I'm looking forward to two teams that are probably going to scheme a lot and see what they're going to throw at us, and hopefully we can throw some stuff at them that they have to adjust to. Looking forward to the match-up, most definitely.

Q. You're not a 16 seed, you're obviously a quality team, but you're playing a 1. Did you watch UMBC/Virginia and what were your reactions to it?
CAROLYN KIEGER: No, I was all in Louisville last night, so I had no TV on. I was focused on us. But I woke up this morning to the score, and couldn't believe it. But yeah, awesome for men's basketball.

On our side, we're hoping for more parity, as well. It would be great to come in to a No. 1 seed and knock them off. Obviously we're going to have to play a fantastic game, and we're all going to have to be sharp, our staff included, and every single player on the entire roster.

Q. In yesterday's game, Asia Durr had a really good game without scoring necessarily. How dangerous is it to play against a star player like that that can really make such a big contribution even when the ball isn't going into the hoop?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Yeah, Asia Durr is an All-American, and she does so many things for them. She contributes not only scoring-wise but just her energy. She gets the team going. The crowd, they feed off her. So for us, we're going to try different stuff, throw different people at her, and we've got to be keyed in on her all game long, and hopefully she has an off-night.

Q. You mentioned Hines-Allen a little bit yesterday. What challenges does she pose, especially in the paint?
CAROLYN KIEGER: She's very powerful, obviously very strong. Her rebounding presence is phenomenal, so we're going to have to do a great job of keeping her off the glass. I think on offense, we really want to make sure we take it to her and try to slow her down a little bit and tire her out. But she's a phenomenal player, and she's somebody that I actually recruited back when I was at Miami, so I know her game pretty well, back in the day. But she does so many great things for that team, and the way she passes, as well. She's a nightmare match-up, I think, for any team in the country.

Q. What's your opinion about Louisville's depth? I think yesterday they used like 10 players, and around here we're kind of used to that, but is that one of the things you feel like you have to really guard against because they can send so many different players in?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Well, I think our team is going to have to be really locked into personnel tomorrow. Like you said, they play several different players, and each player is very different, so I think if our team can stay focused on personnel and really play player tendencies, we'll be in good shape. And I think for us, it's going to be a scheme game. We're used to a lot of motion offensive teams in the Big East, and Louisville is a set-oriented team, so we're going to have to really make sure our communication is at an all-time high level and really talk through player tendencies and personnel.

Q. You played Tennessee I think in Cancn and took them to overtime, you played Notre Dame in South Bend, took them into overtime. Did you schedule the season to have your team prepared for a March appearance?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Absolutely. You know, after we lost the Quinnipiac game last year, I was focused on wanting to go farther than this program has ever been, and like I said at the beginning of the press conference, if you want to be the best, you've got to beat the best, and that's where our program wants to head. We want to be a perennial powerhouse in the country, so in order to do that, you can't do that until you knock down the people in front of you.

So for us, I don't think we're scared to play anybody, and I think that's going to be a big advantage for our kids going into this game. We went over all Louisville's scores and every opponent that they've played and matched it up to who we've played, similar opponents, and I think our team is really excited for this opportunity.

Q. Would you say they're comparable?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Yeah, likable opponents we've played, and I think for us, we've shown success against similar teams to Louisville, so I think our kids get excited about that and have a little bit of confidence going in there. Obviously Louisville is a great team that we're going to have to play, but our players and our program love these moments, and we love playing great match-ups and great storied programs. So for us, I think this is a fantastic opportunity, win or lose, to be honest.

Q. And then having coached in the ACC for quite a while, do you see any similarities between where Marquette is now and where Louisville was maybe five, ten years ago?
CAROLYN KIEGER: You know, I hope so. I hope that's the direction we're going because Jeff has done a phenomenal job with this program and where he's taken them, and obviously when Angel came here and started out their tradition, I played against her when we were in the Big East my last year. I've watched Louisville from afar for a long time and seen the rise. So for us, if that's the path that Marquette heads down, I'll be a very happy coach.

You've got to chip away at it. It's one year at a time, and you've just got to keep getting better every year, and that's what I'm proud of, us at Marquette, is we've done that every year. We've advanced, we've gotten better, and the plan is to keep climbing.

Q. Granted it's been a few years since Louisville was in the Big East, but do you see kind of a similar team from what you recall?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Absolutely. I mean, they were fast. They had dominant scores. They had two or three scorers that dominated the game, similar to them right now. They had All-Americans. They had pros. And they ran a lot of sets. So very similar.

Q. They had over 7,000 people here yesterday, probably be more tomorrow. Just your thoughts on the atmosphere, and then secondly, do you have any sense at all on how many of your people might come down, what kind of group you'll have following you tomorrow?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Yeah, I think it's fantastic for women's basketball. We need atmospheres like this, and I think it sets a great example for the rest of the country. I congratulate all the Louisville fans for coming out, especially on a weekday and at the time that it was, and even a lot of them stayed for our game, which was awesome to see.

We welcome that atmosphere, and we embrace it, and I think that's what our players deserve to play in. It's March, and you want to be playing in front of a big crowd, and I think it speaks very highly for women's basketball and where it is and where it's going.

Q. Are there fans coming down tomorrow?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I hope so. I think we had a good crowd come down and drive down. Haven't really heard yet if more buses are coming or not, but we hope.

Q. Was yesterday kind of an emotional or maybe a mental breakthrough to win that first game? It was the first one in like seven years, especially in light of what happened last year, how much of a relief was that for your team?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I think it was a confidence booster. I think for us, you know, not to sound too confident, but we expected to win that game. Nothing against Dayton, but just speaking for Marquette, that's how confident we were for the last year. We've been building for that moment, and I think our players did a great job embracing that. So for us, you want to go into any game expecting that you're going to win, whether you're playing a No. 1 seed or you're playing a 9 seed. I think for us last year, we were a little bit more tentative, and I don't think we necessarily expected to win. We were just more excited to be in the NCAA Tournament. We're taking a different approach now where we're saying, hey, this is where we deserve to be, and this is where we want to be, and we're going to keep going through every round we possibly can.



Q. Allazia, you've got matched up against Myisha a few times. There's a big physical difference inside. How do you cope with that, and how much did that have to do with her making her first 10 shots?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: I think it's just relying on your teammates. Like obviously she's bigger than me, so just trying to front, get around, and rely that my team is going to be there for the help, and just in the first quarter we didn't do a really good job of boxing her out. We got her to miss the first shot, and shy just was a beast on the boards. So we've just got to do a better job of that, knowing that we're smaller stature.

Q. Allazia, really much different second half from first half. What did they do that locked you up in the first half and what changed in the second half for you to get freer and get better looks?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: I think I had a lot of open shots in the first half, just wasn't knocking them down. So in the second half I just came out and just was being aggressive. I think I was aggressive the whole game. It's just about believing in yourself, and I think I believed in myself the whole game, so that's why I think there was a difference.

Q. What did Louisville do initially that you didn't see in the scouting report or see on film that they kind of shook you up at first?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: They really didn't do anything that we didn't see on the scouting report. We just lacked focus in the first half, which led us to a bad start in the game. But coming out of halftime, we talked about it, and we said that we need to get our focus better, and I think going into the second half, we picked up our focus and created more problems for them.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Yeah, I think we came out a little bit timid, probably saw the crowd, got a little nervous, and against Louisville, a top team like that, you can't come out flat, and I think that's what we did. In the second half, we didn't see anything in the first half that they didn't do. They did everything in the second half. It was just about us picking up our aggression, our intensity.

Q. Natisha, you went from 32 points on Friday to nine today; was it just shots not falling, or was there something that Louisville did different?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Yeah, shots just weren't going in today. They have a great defensive team, and they were just taking it away.

Q. You knew that Louisville was going to do a lot in the fast break, but still even with that, they really thrived. What did they do that made them so tough to defend?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Their points in the paint. Obviously they had 60 points in the paint, and when you allow a team to have 60 points in the paint, it's going to be hard to win. Our game plan was to change up defenses and keep them out of the paint, and obviously we didn't execute that very well.

Q. In addition to the points in the paint differential, seemed like they were maybe just a step faster on the fast break at times. Any comments on that?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I don't know if they were a step faster to be honest. I mean, I think it was our defensive coverage and their rebounding. I thought our speed, we were able to keep up with them speed-wise, but size-wise and their rebounding, so I think their advantage was they got rebounds on missed shots and then were able to start their break faster, and when they're able to get rebounds and long outlets, that's when you can run. For us, on the flipside of that, they were scoring at such a high rate that we couldn't get our fast break going because they made shots every time, so I would say that was the advantage there.

Q. What made Hines-Allen so difficult to defend?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I mean, her size. We don't have a physical presence like her that we can just keep throwing bodies at her, and obviously that's something that we want to get to as a program, where we have more size and more physicality. But right now, they obviously had the size advantage, so for us, we tried different schemes and tried to throw different stuff, but we're just one too many big bodies short.

Q. You've talked about the growth from being in this tournament. What does your team kind of take away from a game like this going forward?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I think the first thing we've got to look at is we've got to look at Louisville as a team, and if we want to become a top-10 program or keep evolving as a women's basketball program that gets in the top 25 annually, we've got to look at the best teams, and what do they do, and what do they do on a consistent basis. So for us, I think it shows when we won that second half, so for us to be able to come back with confidence and knowing if we do our game plan right and we focus and play hard and we do the intangibles, we can play with anyone. When we play with immaturity and when we lack focus and we don't follow the game plan, well, then it's a story of the first half.

So for us I think we've got a lot of things to fix in the off-season, but I think you'll see a Marquette team next year that people will not want to face in the NCAA Tournament.

Q. How nice of a luxury is it to have pretty much all five starters returning, most of the team starting, only losing Shantelle?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I mean, that's huge. It's the bulk of our team. We'll miss Shantelle in so many ways. On the flipside of that, to have everybody returning other than Shantelle, I think that just helps with your chemistry, I think it helps with your experience. Even last year to this year, from the Quinnipiac game to the Louisville game and the Dayton game, I think we've grown up a lot, so you give us another summer, another off-season to improve and get better, and I'm really excited to see what this group can do. I think there's big things ahead.

Q. You referenced it kind of off the top; how much did the crowd really affect your team early in this game?
CAROLYN KIEGER: You know, I think the crowd -- one thing that has been our achilles heel all season has been our communication, and that's where we need to really need to evolve. We need max level, and I think when you throw that and a crowd like this in, that's a recipe for disaster. I think that's what you saw is a snowball effect in the first half, first quarter I should say. The crowd was loud, the crowd was into it. Our team wasn't talking; they couldn't hear each other. So like I said, a mixture of things, but definitely when you have a women's basketball crowd like that, and the fans here are fantastic, it's a huge advantage, and like I said before, I tip my hat to everybody in the building today.

Q. And then you mentioned doing things that a team like Louisville does. What are some of the things that you've noted that they've done that maybe you don't see Marquette doing quite yet?
CAROLYN KIEGER: Well, I would say obviously their physicality, their toughness. If we can capture what they do on the boards and how physical they play and how they handle adversity, I think we're going to be in great shape. I have a lot of respect for Jeff and what he's been able to do here with this program. I'll say their players compete, they compete for every rebound, they compete for every loose ball, and I thought you saw our team play like that in the second half; not so much in the first.

So we've got to become more consistent, and obviously when you're 34-2, you're a consistent basketball team. So that's where we've got to fix is we've got to become more consistent. We've shown spurts of it, we've shown quarters of it, we've shown games of it, but we've got to show an entire season of it, and 40 minutes every night.

Q. And then I saw you kind of embrace Jeff at the beginning. Has he given you any advice as you've built this program?
CAROLYN KIEGER: I just think we were just chatting before the game and both have mutual respect for each other and what we've been able to do. I always like to pick people's brains, but before a game you don't have much time.

Q. You took both Tennessee and Notre Dame to overtime earlier in the season. How would you compare Louisville to those two squads?
CAROLYN KIEGER: You know, I would say the thing about Louisville is their depth. I would say that's the biggest difference, to be honest. Obviously Notre Dame is injury-plagued right now, and Tennessee is young, but I would say Louisville, when they sub, they come at you with the same intensity as they had with their starters, and I think that speaks volumes for their recruiting and what they've been able to do. Off the top of my head, that would be the biggest thing.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Jill, what do you remember about the game last year when you beat Stanford? They don't lose at home very often, but you got them. What do you remember about it?
JILL BARTA: It was a very disciplined game for both of us. I think that's what it's going to come down to this year is who's going to be more disciplined on offense and defense. When we played them last year, it was super fun. It was exciting. But it just came down to who was going to get stops and stuff.

Q. Coach, over the years that you've been able to play Stanford, they've obviously been a consistently successful program. Beating them here last year and getting that first win against them, did that kind of have a moment for you, for the program, to kind of say, yeah, okay, we've done this now, and do you kind of feel as if that kind of thought process of we haven't done it before has kind of evaporated since you were able to do it last year?
LISA FORTIER: A little bit. Actually, I mean, I definitely don't think -- we were talking in the locker room about the fact that last year Kiara Kudron, Elle Tinkle, Makenlee Williams and Emma Wolfram -- Emma is on the roster, but those four players played really well here and did big things for us and helped us to win that game, and this is a very different team.

I look down the row, and all three of these were part of that team, as well, and they had a big impact. So it's nice to say that we've done it. I can certainly now say we can do it again, versus before we're saying we can be the first team to do this, and it was very exciting for all of us as a coaching staff and definitely one of our highlights for last season, and something that you can kind of talk about in your career.

But it's just a new team that we have. I think they have different strengths than they had last year and different weaknesses, and so do we. So it's somewhat relevant but not entirely with just the way that -- sometimes from one week to one week, or definitely one month to month, but certainly a year brings a different thing, but it is something that we do have.

Q. Lisa, we talked about earlier this week the slow start last year against Oklahoma and the uphill struggle; how do you go into this game with a different mindset of hitting the gas pedal right away?
LISA FORTIER: Definitely wasn't the plan last year, but I do think that having had that slow start, we've experienced it now. It's just like anything. Once you experience it for yourself, you can talk about it and talk about it, but once you do it for yourself you have a different perspective. For these players that are still on this team, we know how important it is because after that first quarter we were about even, or maybe we even finished ahead, I'm not sure. It was close. You just can't afford -- when you're a 13 seed playing a 4 seed or last year a 12 seed playing a 5 seed, you can't afford to have a quarter like that. It's debilitating, and it's just really tough to overcome.

We've had quarters this year where we've been on the opposite site of that. You were at our BYU game at home where we gave up two points in a quarter, and that's going to make the rest of the game a struggle for that team. So we have to be ready from the start.

Stanford is not the kind of team that beats themselves. So if we're not ready, they're not going to make very many mistakes, and we're going to find ourselves in a hole quickly, and so we're doing everything we can within our power to come out with the right mentality, play call-wise. I'll be ready with a quick time-out if we need it. We're thinking through those things and trying not to recreate that from last year.

Q. Coach, what can you tell us about the basketball culture up there? We see it in the media with all your fans traveling for the WCC tournament. You're about 4,000 plus season tickets for women's basketball. What's it like coaching and playing in that environment?
LISA FORTIER: It's so much fun. I have been to a lot of towns and cities in the country, but I've spent a lot of time in ours, and there can't be a better basketball town than Spokane. Driving around, I feel like I'm in an old movie or old book with all the signs everywhere throughout the town and the flags.

Our women's program is supported as well as any program. We're regularly in the top 10, 12 in attendance, and capacity attendance last year we were first because our building only holds 6,000, and it's almost full every time.

It gives these guys the true student-athlete experience that we're looking for, and there are a lot of places where people treat their players well and they have good coaches and they bring academic support, but the fan support isn't quite the same. So these guys, I know they all appreciate it, and they really enjoy what it's like to walk out of that tunnel every day with all those people there. But it's pretty special and something I'm very proud to be a part of.

CHANDLER SMITH: Yeah, well, for me when you're coming out to the gym two and a half hours before the game and all the parking spots are full, it's just a different experience. I mean, all of our fans are out there trying to get pictures with us going in the building. You feel like a celebrity or superstar, and it's actually a great feeling to have so much support. I'm biased, but I feel like we have the best fans in the world. Just super thankful.

Q. What bothers you, or from what you've seen in the scouting report, what do you think is the toughest thing about Stanford?
JILL BARTA: I'll just say it like I said before, how disciplined their team is. They know who's going to take the shots. They know exactly what role they play on each team, each number. I think that's going to be the hardest thing is we're going to have to overcome that a little bit, and we're going to have to show that we're just as disciplined as they are.

EMMA STACH: And I would say like Lisa already said, just like Jill just said, they're really disciplined. They know what they're doing. They do it for a long time, and they're really good. They really know their strengths, and they just like highlight every person when they play. They know their role.

Q. For the players, you talked about how much fan support you guys get, but this is going to be a road game for you guys here versus how it was last year when you were in Washington with the drive over to Seattle. How much of a challenge is that going to be playing against such a tough opponent in their home gym?
JILL BARTA: I mean, we of course hope to see as many 'Zaga fans as we can, but it's really not about people coming to watch us right now, it's about everyone in this room right now sitting next to me to my left and right and everyone that's back in the locker room. We've got to step up, play together as a team, and really stick together.

Q. Emma, three-point shooting has been an issue all year, but you guys are hitting the mark at the right time. What kind of confidence booster is that to be shooting so well from three-point right now?
EMMA STACH: Yeah, I think it's -- I mean, it's a confidence booster, especially when we started in the beginning. But I think just like making the right reads during the game and just like looking for open teammates, so I think that's just like playing together. That's what really made the difference in our last couple of games that we made threes. So just like playing together, finding the open shot.

Q. Lisa, I don't know how much of being a point guard is genetic or inherited or anything like that, aside from speed, I suppose, but how would you describe Laura's game? Let's start with that. How would you describe her game?
LISA FORTIER: She's feisty, and she's competitive, and I think those two things have come from her dad. I'm guessing that's kind of part of where this is going to go at some point.

She's a great competitor. She uses ball screens well. She's getting better and better at using ball screens. She wants to make the big play, whether that be a pass or a shot. She has that kind of confidence and that kind of drive. She's a good defender. Actually that's a growth area that she's made in the last year, I think, is she's become someone who we trust as a defender who can guard a variety of positions who's a very strong guard, but she doesn't typically get overcome by people who maybe have some size on her height-wise. She's a good floor general. But I would say that her biggest attribute in my mind and why I love her as a point guard is how competitive she is.

Q. What was it like recruiting her? Obviously both her parents went there and her dad was the most famous Gonzaga athlete ever, but what was it like recruiting her and her family?
LISA FORTIER: Yeah, it was fun. I got to recruit her as an assistant coach first for a little while. Since she was local, we were recruiting her for quite a while, and then as a head coach. She was one of the players that I kind of continued on as main recruiter. When you become a head coach, you don't have the luxury of necessarily being the lead on a lot of the recruitments.

But so with her, I got to know her pretty well personally. She actually tried to totally disconnect her family from the equation. She really wanted to make the decision on her own based on her and not her dad and brother having her basketball careers there, her mother having her college career there. She made us work for it quite a bit.

But they're a fun family. You can tell they're extremely family oriented, so it was great for me to see how loyal they are to their siblings and to their family and kind of to their -- they don't really have a brand, but their family dynamic. It was great. John has been fun to have around. He's been coming to our games for a long time. He was around when Courtney Vandersloot played with us, and he's actually been a lot more hands off with Laura here because he wants to let her do her thing, and I think she prefers that, so he's become a great fan of ours. And her mom had these guys over for dinner a couple times this year. She's a great cook.

So they're kind of just like all the other parents that we have, the local ones who chime in when they can, support us the best that they are allowed to do and give their daughter an extra hug after.

Q. Being here is kind of dj-vu for you guys since both teams played there in Las Vegas. What are some of the things that you saw in Stanford then that are different now and maybe the growth of their team and how that may be something you have to look at or could be dangerous for your team?
LISA FORTIER: Well, Stanford at that time -- first off, we were hoping to match up with them down there, and after our first game we realized that that wasn't going to happen. So I didn't get too deep into the scouting of them.

But at that time they didn't have Brittany McPhee, and I think Dijonai was out either then or shortly after, as well, so they were dealing with some pretty key injuries. We had several injuries of our own at that time. All three of these guys -- no, two of these three up here escaped around that time, as well.

So I think the biggest difference in them then and now is Brittany McPhee. She's a good player. She's so versatile, and the pace at which she plays and her athleticism, she wants to -- again, talk about Laura and her competitiveness and her desire to make the big plays, Brittany has all of those things in her. So I think that she's going to be problematic. I like our game plan. I think people that we can run at her defensively, we can throw different things at her. But if we can't slow her down, then that would create some issues for us.

Speaking of injuries, Dijonai is so great on the glass, so those are two things that I think would have changed some of the outcomes that Stanford had early and as far as the games go, just win/loss. Alanna, they have a variety of players that I think our team has articulated that well. I'm glad to see we've gotten our point across that they play to their strengths, and their players know their roles, and they play to them as well as anyone in the country. And so they don't have people going rogue and doing things, shooting threes when they're supposed to be driving and just doing weird things. They do what they're supposed to do.

So regardless of the time of the year or different center now, I think that's a trait that's been consistent with them throughout all the time that I've been playing against them. It's been several years now. That and their rebounding is something, they're always among the best, in our opinion, rebounding teams in the country. So those are two areas that if we don't follow the game plan, we could be in trouble in those spots.

Q. Lisa, can you talk about the influence Tara has had on the game and on you personally having grown up in this area?
LISA FORTIER: Oh, she's just -- I mean, I always wanted to play for or coach with a great female head coach, and I didn't have the opportunity to be with someone who was well-established. My college coach was new, both of them. I played junior college and four-year with new head coaches. They were both female but new. I worked with Jaime White for one year at Northern Colorado, and it was her first year of Division I, and then I spent a lot of time under Kelly Graves, and he was a great coach but he was a man, obviously.

I've tried to seek out -- not necessarily -- I wouldn't say that Tara has been a mentor to me, but she's someone who will always answer the phone when I call. She's spoken to me before about hiring staff, and a few years ago we exchanged scouting reports with her staff. She's interested in growing the game of women's basketball, not just in her team continuing to be successful, and that's something that I really admire.

Of course I admire the way she pulls the best out of her team every time and demands that you -- demands greatness really. And she's someone who -- I've told you this, but I worked for camps when I was in college. I came over here and worked camps, the Tara VanDerveer camp for three or four years, and so have great respect for her and what she does. Obviously her teams are always well-schooled and well-prepared.

Q. Chandler, a lot of teams sometimes go into Selection Sunday and they don't know what their status is going to be. You had the luxury to kind of know you were going to be in, it was just a matter of where. What was the first thought that came to mind when it showed up it was going to be Stanford and you guys were going to be playing them?
CHANDLER SMITH: Overall it was excitement. I think going in, we kind of knew just from bracketology and just kind of listening around that we were going to be around this area. We didn't know if maybe we'd face them first or second round, but just knowing that we were in the tournament and had an automatic bid that we were going to play Stanford, someone who we were very familiar with, we were very happy, so very excited to be here.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports


Q. Coach, obviously Florida shoots a lot of threes, what's your defensive mindset going into the game tomorrow?
ROBIN PINGETON: Obviously, probably won't go into a lot of details about that for obvious reasons. Watching them on film I'm so impressed. Coach has done such a tremendous job with that program and I feel like we shoot the 3-ball a lot and it fails to compare against how much they shoot it. They spread you out, hard to guard. They have five kids that are interchangeable in the that starting lineup and the kids coming off the bench do a great job, very unselfish, great ball movement, great spacing on offense. It's a completely different look than what we're used to defending, so it's definitely going to be a challenge for us.

Q. Sophie, when you shoot 47% of your threes, what is the opposition generally doing to try to stop that? How do you counter what their moves are?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: My teammates get me the ball when I need it. They set great screens for me and I read my defense. But they're taking away the threes and if they lapse on me I'm going to dish it off to a teammate that's going to be wide open.

Q. Coach, you mentioned that Florida Gulf Coast, their style is something you haven't seen. Are there any opponent that they do remind you of or is this a new style for you?
ROBIN PINGETON: There's a few teams I think we've faced. Not necessarily within our conference, but over the years we've played some teams like a Western Illinois, Indiana a little bit. They shoot quite a few threes. We've faced some teams, but really I'm so impressed with their offense and their spacing and their movement. Just high basketball IQ kids. Really do a great job creating confusion for the defense and being able to take advantage of it.

So it's definitely a unique style. Obviously they're ranked I think second in the country in regards to three-pointers per game next to DePaul, 12 a game is quite a few. So it's definitely a different style.

Q. Robin, obviously it's a lower mid-major, I think it sounds like it and looks like on the odds up there that you have respect for FGCU. You're going to be physically much bigger. They do a good job of off-setting size against larger programs. Just your thoughts on that on your kids, you can say the right things not overlooking a mid-major and how FGCU is able to deal with a taller teams and how you deal with a team that deals with taller teams?
ROBIN PINGETON: Mid-major, power 5, it doesn't matter. This time of the year the best of the best are in the NCAA Tournament.

You know, I've got a history being a coach of a mid-major team, so I understand what that mindset looks like. I think when it's the NCAA Tournament you're not looking at what conference they came from. So just knowing how competitive it's going to be and how challenging it's going to be. They've got an incredible record there at Florida Gulf Coast. They've got some really big wins. We've a common opponent in Kentucky and they obviously beat them. A great team like DePaul. I don't think any of us are looking at them as a mid-major by any stretch of the imagination.

We're looking at it as a first-round game in the NCAA Tournament that's going to be a battle for forty minutes. I think it's a chess match a little bit, we might have more size but they're awfully quick and athletic. They do a great job defensively. They're not afraid to play physical and obviously I think they can exploit you with the way they can spread the offense with their 5-out motion. Like I said from the start I think it's going to be a tough challenge for us.

Q. Sophie, obviously the last game was almost two weeks ago at this point, but Georgia defensively seemed to have a good game plan against you guys. I don't know the last time maybe you thought of that game, but is there anything as you think back to what they did in that game that you looked at on film that have seen and adjusted to?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: Yeah, Georgia is a really good team and we consider this team like a mini Georgia, just not with the height. So we have worked on our spacing and our motion and not collapsing on the ball. We did a lot to ourselves in the SEC tournament, but this team has bounced back. I think we're in a good spot. We have watched film and digested some things and our team is learning, but I think we're in a really good spot right now.

Q. Jordan, your team ranks 15th in the country in rebound differential. Rebounding, everybody knows is a lot of desire and all that and obviously boxing out, things like that. Is there something more to it that would explain why you folks are so good at it?
JORDAN FRERICKS: I would just say the emphasis that we put on it. Coach always tells us that we need to be outrebounding teams every game and I think, like you said, the desire and the grit to go get the ball, I think just to have pride in wanting to go do that.

Executing it, I think, is just like our game plan. But just emphasizing that, that's a big part of the game is what we try to do.

Q. Jordan, that Texas A&M game seems like a long time ago now, but for the team in general you had a long winning streak going into that and that kinda setoff a rough stretch. Did that game take the wind out of your sails when you look in hindsight what did that game do for this team?
JORDAN FRERICKS: Well, I just think that these past, like, three games we've just kind of had a rocky road, but I don't think it knocked the wind out of us at all. I think if anything it helped us see the things that we need to improve and what we need to do these past few practices. I think it's just encouraged us and helped us get a mentality that we do need to improve in some areas and that's where we're going to grow and we found those areas and trying to execute them in this tournament. This whole year has been constantly learning.

Q. Coach, it seems like as consistent as Sophie is the very few times she doesn't shoot the ball as well she seems to be able to respond in the next game with a really big game. Is that something that as you've watched her grow over the couple of years with you you've seen her develop a good mindset in terms of how to wash off a bad game and come to the next one?
ROBIN PINGETON: I don't know that I can think of too many games that Sophie has had a bad game. I think she does so much better than scoring. So probably one of the most unselfish players in the game. I know she is not driven by how many points she has. She wants to help our team be as successful as she can. She has great court vision. She is a great passer. She shoots the three. She can attack the basket. She rebounds well. She is a tough defending and anticipates well.

I know a lot of times we look at box scores and from a black and white standpoint we have certain standards when we think it's a really good game and a lot of time it's predicated on points, but I think it's so much bigger than that.

Where I have seen Sophie grow over the years is from a leadership standpoint. A tremendous leader for our team and I think she is really invested in those relationships. The most important thing to her is the front of the jersey. She is a resilient kid. She impacts the game in a lot of different ways, and I'm just really proud that she represents our university.

Q. Sophie, China Dow doesn't start, but she is a terror lately. Kind of a tough match-up. She is not a small gal and she likes to put her head down and drive and she has a nice three-point touch. Your thoughts on not necessarily you matching up on her but just your thoughts on her?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: I would love to have her on my team. She is a big kid but can handle the ball and shoot ball like a point guard. She is going to be a touch match-up for us, honestly. They can all shoot the ball and get to the rim if you close out hard on them and I have a lot of respect for her. I've only seen her a couple of times on film, but she is going to be a tough match-up for whoever is guarding her.

Q. Jordan, how much does it mean to be at this stage and to know that in your final run. If you don't lose you go out on top like this. How much fun is it to be here as a senior?
JORDAN FRERICKS: It's so fun, just enjoying these moments and these last few moments are bittersweet, but like I said, just trying to stay in the moment and enjoy every part of it with my team and coaches. You know, freshman year we weren't in this position, so just not taking it for granted and like I said, enjoying it all.

Q. Coach, when you were a player and you started your coaching career at St. Ambrose, what did the NCAA Tournament mean to you? What was it like as a player and coach at that level?
ROBIN PINGETON: You're trying to date me and I don't appreciate that! (Laughter.) The game has changed so much. It's evolved. I played at an NAI school and we played Notre Dame and some of those big Division I schools as an NAI program and it's changed so much. From my coaching career to go from St. Ambrose which we competed for National Championships, but their National Championship is different than the NCAA. I had an opportunity to go on staff with Bill Fennelly at Iowa State and then I coached at Illinois State. For me, it's the Big Dance. It's what everybody's vision is, what everybody's goals are. You're in this business and you don't need to talk about it, but everybody knows everybody wants to compete for a Championship.

But for us, and for our program it's really been about the process and it's about, you know, just taking it one day at a time and constantly pushing that needle as a program. I think we've really worked hard at laying a strong foundation at the University of Missouri; and I feel like, you know, we're moving the needle in the right direction. Really trying to become relevant in regards to a top-20 program in the country.

You don't go from the bottom to the top overnight. There are peaks and valleys and a lot of challenges along the way, but it's been rewarding to see the growth of our program and we're looking forward to March Madness. Right? Anything can happen in March.

Q. Robin, two of your wins jumped out at me. One was at Berkeley, a 3-point win there, since we are so familiar with the Bears; and the other one being your win over South Carolina. Could you describe how you were able to win those two games? What kind of games were they? Just give using information about those?
ROBIN PINGETON: Yeah, I think for that tournament in California, you know, a short turnaround between games. But we've got a lot of respect for Cal and they're a great program. We knew it was going to be a challenge, a physical game. I give you will at credit to these girls. They've done some things that just haven't been done at the University of Missouri in a long time; and, again, it's the players that came before and the foundation that's been laid. I think we've competed well in those big games this year.

I think everyone that we've gotten beat by this year is in the NCAA Tournament, they're all top-50 RPI teams. We've had some of those games where we came out on top and some that we fell short in regards to the scoreboard. Cal was a big one. It was a big momentum one for us. We lost the first game of the season and we said we have to steal one back in that nonconference, and Cal was that game we felt like we had to steal back to put ourselves in that position to get the high seed in the NCAA Tournament. South Carolina obviously is a great program.

A team that we had beat the year before so we knew them coming back to our home court they were going to be ready to go, but our kids competed and played at a high level. Playing those teams on your home court is huge. The six-man environment, our community has been tremendous in the support that they've given us all year long. So you want to play those games at home as much as possible.

Certainly that's a special environment for us. We've had some that we've come out on the good side of the scoreboard and some that we've lost, but playing in the SEC every night it's a battle and I think we've really had a successful year. Certainly you want to get a few more wins as you go through the SEC conference, but I think we've competed at a high level all year long.

Q. Speaking of competing well in big games you've never competed against FGCU or Gonzaga before. What are the challenges for you coming into the tournament facing a team that you've never competed against?
ROBIN PINGETON: I think it's being on top of your scout and really doing a great job of breaking it down and putting your players in a position to be successful. These guys have been here before and they understand it's survive and advance. If you don't come out ahead the season is done.

But we want to embrace where we're at. We want to stay true to who we are. You know, we want to go out playing our best basketball. This last week and a half I think has been huge for us. I think we're almost looking forward to playing someone outside of the SEC conference.

I think everybody gets to that point with postseason, that you've faced your in-conference teams so much that it's nice to get a fresh look. But certainly got a lot of respect for everybody that's in the NCAA Tournament. You're not in this tournament unless you're awfully good. So our players get that. They understand that.

Q. Sophie, when the draw came out and it was Stanford, you guys won a tournament here at St. Mary's here a couple of years ago. Is it nice to come back to the Bay Area?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: Yeah, we wanted to host really bad this year. But we didn't get that opportunity, but we have a new one and California has been good to us, really since my freshman year. So we're all really happy to be back here. But we know it's going to be tough, but it is nice to know we have a couple of wins under our belt here in California.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, everyone. Best of luck.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. This particular season, this particular group of kids that you have, where you are today going into the tournament from where you started, can you just take us through how you feel about this growth.
TARA VANDERVEER: I think that there's been a couple of story lines, I think first of all this is a very young team in a lot of ways, even our juniors were not starters or they didn't play very much and our sophomores, so when we first of all we introduced a new offense, we played arguably the toughest schedule that Stanford has ever played, and it wasn't by design, it just happened. Teams dropped us in the summer, and Baylor calls, I'm like, okay, we either play no one or we play Baylor. And then on top of that, Brit got hurt and when you have a senior leader, that's, so every, the deck was really stacked against our team and so we obviously had -- and we will, I think we didn't always, we weren't consistent. When we got Brit back and we hit the PAC-12, I think we kind of just found our footing. We were able to get some traction with big wins against UCLA and USC, Arizona State when we got them back here and we were the only team in the PAC-12 to go undefeated at home, we were the only team in the PAC-12 to beat everyone else, and again I'm exceedingly proud of Kaylee and Brit for their leadership, their resilience, to kind of to be sitting here today is a little bit surreal, honestly. There were points in this season where I told them to, I said we might not even be playing in the NCAA tournament and to be hosting and one of the other things that is really I think relevant to this particular field is three of these four teams were in the same tournament in Vegas. I don't know if you know that, but ourselves, Gonzaga and Florida Gulf Coast were all in the same tournament and when I saw Karl this morning he said, Tara, your team has improved so much. And that to me is the ultimate compliment that -- and again you don't improve unless people work really hard, they have a lot of confidence and determination and again I think just great senior leadership with these two.

Q. How much does Gonzaga look different from the last meeting against this team was on your floor and how much does that motivate -- I know it's been some time in between -- but you know each other pretty well, these two teams.
TARA VANDERVEER: Lisa does a fabulous job. Gonzaga has an excellent team. They're a different team and we're a different team. We know that we have to play well and I think that they probably know the same thing, but we have worked very hard this week just we focus on who we're going to play in terms of scouting but what I tell our team is it's really about us. We need Stanford's A game and in order to have a deep run, whether it was in the PAC-12 tournament or in the PAC-12 or whatever we need a great effort and great focus from our players and our team. I've seen that from, especially from our seniors, they want to keep it going. At least it feels that way to me. They love playing, they love playing for Stanford, we have a very close team, and we know that I think in some ways the last, having lost to Gonzaga there are some situations where I think some teams -- they look at the seed and they just assume a better seed is -- the seed is going to take care of the game. And it's not. Our team knows that we have to play well and I don't have to remind them of that.

Q. For both of you, as we were just talking about, how quickly did you guys think about the last time you faced Gonzaga when on the show it popped up that you guys were going to face them?
BRITTANY MCPHEE: It wasn't a big shock, but we definitely think about it and we watch clips from last year where they burned us. But we just know that we're a completely different team, they're a completely different team and that we both have to show up and be ready to play.

KAYLEE JOHNSON: Yeah, just going off of what Brittany said, we know they want to come in, they want to beat us. We know what we want to do. And at this point it doesn't really matter who you're playing, what the seeding is, what's going to matter is how you're going to go out there and perform that night when the time comes.

Q. Brittany, you, are you Irish? McPhee?
BRITTANY MCPHEE: Oh. A little bit, yeah, back a ways, yes.

Q. So do you feel lucky tomorrow?
BRITTANY MCPHEE: Yes.

(Laughter.)

Q. Brit, you did not have the best PAC-12 tournament and we were told that you were not at top health. Was that true and if so how much did it hamper your game?
BRITTANY MCPHEE: Yeah, I had a cold, but everybody's always facing something, so I just thought Kiana stepped up really well and we were able to play even though I wasn't the one scoring, which is fine with me, as long as we're winning. So, yeah, I was sick, but like there's probably a hundred people in the NCAA tournament who have some sort of either illness or injury that's hurting them too, so that's not an excuse.

Q. Kaylee, you're going to run up against Jill Barta in this game. Does she remind you of anybody in the PAC-12 and what do you think of the challenge of facing her?
KAYLEE JOHNSON: Well, she's obviously a great post player, she's got an outside shot. We have seen players like that and it was almost like good practice playing against players with a good outside shot, good post moves inside. But I'm excited, I'm excited to play her, I know a lot of other post players, even like other people are excited to play her and defend her. We know it's going to be a challenge but looking forward to stepping up to it.

Q. Considering that the men are all, the PAC-12 teams are all gone from the men's bracket, considering that the football bowl situation was terrible for the PAC-12, do you feel any added pressure on you and Oregon and UCLA and the rest of the women's teams to have a really good showing in this tournament?
TARA VANDERVEER: No. We just want to have a good showing for us.

Q. Brit, you mentioned Kiana stepping up in the PAC-12 tournament. As a fellow guard, someone who also can kind of sympathize with what a freshman's going through this time of year, what has stood out to you about her development and where she is right now mentally and physically?
BRITTANY MCPHEE: She's just such just a person who loves the game of basketball and just loves to be out there playing. So it really shows. And as long as you're having fun and excited to play, then everything else kind of falls into place. It's when you start thinking about the negatives that you get into trouble. But she's not like that because she loves the game so much.

Q. Kaylee, in the week that you had between the PAC-12 championship game and the Selection Show what was the thoughts about the fact that you might not be hosting and then what were the thoughts when it was announced that you guys were hosting and you would get to play one, maybe two more games here at Maples?
KAYLEE JOHNSON: We were obviously disappointed with the outcome of the PAC-12 tournament. It never feels good to have two weeks off like from a loss, you're kind of stuck with that feeling. But it helps us, just kind of it lights a fire inside of us to just want to get back on the court. It was really eye opening, realizing that you can't just have that many more mess ups and try again, you only get one chance. So after the game we knew at that point things were out of our hands, we were going to see if we were hosting, whether we weren't, technically, we didn't even know if we were in the tournament. So we're just looking forward to it and regardless of where we're going to be we knew what it was going to take to accomplish what we want to.

Q. How key has the development of Marta been handling the ball and to your team's success this year?
TARA VANDERVEER: I think Marta's been really key, not just handling the ball, her scoring, her defense, her court leadership. She's a competitor and you don't ever want to put pressure on one player and say, well how so and so goes, the team goes. But when she plays well, we obviously play a lot better. Thankfully I think that we can give her arrest with playing Kiana at the point and we have been able to play a lot of players this year, which is, I think, been great for us. But her playing has really, there have been, she's had some absolutely brilliant games where we don't win the game without her doing what she has done. We're going to need her to have a great game for us to go deep in this tournament.

Q. Kaylee, can you talk about the time since the Oregon game and was there anything from that game that has kind of informed your guys' prep as you practiced since then?
KAYLEE JOHNSON: Yeah, after that game we obviously watched a lot of video on that, we just saw things that we knew that we just couldn't walk out on the court with again, just kind of lack of effort, lack of focus. Something the coaches I think have been great with emphasizing is how you practice is how you're going to play, you can't just show up to play and all of a sudden do everything right, you have to practice that way. So I think that's something we really try to bring in, into the practice with us these past two weeks really bringing concentration and focus and then giving everything you have on every play, because that's what's going to matter and that's what's going to show come game day.

Q. Lisa has talked about your influence on her and on other young coaches and being such a positive role model. How would you respond to that?
TARA VANDERVEER: That's a tremendous compliment. I think that Lisa's done a great job at Gonzaga. Having, obviously, been coaching a long time, I do want to be a good role model for our young coaches and I want to set a good example and hopefully I try to do that, but when it comes down to it, I would like to see the mentor win.

Q. Brit, you've talked in the past about kind of pushing the thought of taking the uniform off for the last timeout of your head. I'm wondering, how is that, where is that fitting with you now as you get ready to make this tournament run?
BRITTANY MCPHEE: I think it's still the same because I mean if you're going into the game thinking oh my gosh this is going to be the last time, like that's not a good attitude. I'm just excited and grateful for each extra game we get because there's a lot of seniors who don't get to put on the uniform again. So just want to soak up every minute and just have as much fun and just give it all.

Q. Brit, obviously I'm sure you're aware but your dad and Laura Stockton's dad also played together back in college, but I mean, what's the relationship like with Laura, do you know her and what's that like?
BRITTANY MCPHEE: Yeah, I don't know her well, we grew up playing against each other a lot and then I've met like all the Stocktons, but it's just always a battle because she's such a great competitor and our parents know each other, but I don't think there's any extra fuel that needs to be added to this game because any sort of NCAA game should be enough incentive to play hard.

Q. I don't recall a 3 p.m. tip off in the past, do you? For a NCAA tournament game. Coach?
TARA VANDERVEER: We play when they tell us to play. I don't remember it, it's just, let's come out -- I think it's great on, hopefully, a rainy Saturday afternoon, what would be a better thing to do? Come and watch the game. So it's a great time to play. We're very excited.

THE MODERATOR: All right, thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. How difficult was it the way they were able to get out in transition and really push the pace? Kiana in her NCAA debut had a really impressive day.
EMMA STACH: They just wanted to push in transition. They made us -- tough in the first couple minutes and especially just like throughout the whole game. We couldn't just like get stops. It was just like back and forth. So we scored, they scored, but yeah, we knew that she's a great player. She can shoot it. She can drive it.

So yeah, just like we struggled and just like playing defense, it's just like, yeah, play defense, whole court, especially.

COACH LISA FORTIER: I'd just add to that one; that the rest of their team did such a great job of transitioning that our safety is stuck inside a little bit so that opened up the perimeter. I think she had three in the first quarter it seemed like; maybe it was just the first half. So when the rest of them run the floor, these guys are recipients of that sometimes. They run the floor so hard that someone else receives the efforts of that.

Q. For both players, was it surprising to see some of their bigs hitting from three, and how frustrating was that?
EMMA STACH: Yeah, just kind of what Lisa was saying, it's difficult when the drivers can just like penetrate in the middle and just like it opens up everything and then -- Smith can shoot it, or, you know, like all, some of the other players can shoot it from the outside. It's just difficult to defend when you're just like not keeping them out of the paint. So I think, yeah, we struggled a little bit, just like keeping them out of there.

Q. For Jessie, you provided a big spark in the first half. What was the feeling at halftime?
JESSIE LOERA: I think knowing how hard we came out and how hard we were playing, we were all thinking we've got to keep it upcoming into the second half.

I mean, we're all feeling great and confident as our comeback was coming into the second half. I mean, Lisa said they did start rebounding a lot more and that's what made it a lot tougher. But that second half -- that first half is what really kind of got us going at first.

Q. Emma, what's the feeling like, your final game? It's been quite a career for you, nothing but postseason appearance for you. What's your thought right now?
EMMA STACH: First of all, just like being super grateful that I got the opportunity to play here, you know, just like play in the NCAA Tournament. Not everyone gets to do that.

Yeah, just like looking back, I think we had a great season. We did even stuff that like other teams before us didn't do. So just like right now, it hurts really but I think just like in a couple days realizing what we did this year is going to be good, just like looking back. But yeah, right now, it hurts.

Q. Near the end of the third quarter, there was a sequence where they hit three, I think it was like an eight-point game or something like that. They hit three 3s and Smith took a charge from Barta. How important was that sequence in this game?
COACH LISA FORTIER: You know, I don't remember that exact sequence. I felt like there were several stretches where we would have a great offensive play and then we didn't get a stop on the other end. They beat us in the percentage game.

We talk a lot with our team about percentage-and-possession game, so they either make a big bucket to counter what we had just done or get a great offensive rebound or something like that. I can think of a couple of those opportunities in the first half where we kind of do something good and then they have an answer. You know, that's how teams like this play.

So I would say probably that specific sequence, they make a couple buckets, and then we're probably scoring, maybe not, and then that foul, I thought she had an open player so she could have kicked too.

But it's hard to keep your team, a bunch of teammates who are talented and care about each other and competitive; it's hard to keep them realizing that we have to take it one possession at a time and it's not all you or you or you or you. It's going to take all of us in those kind of situations. That one, Jill got the ball and she was going to score. Maybe one of those threes was on her. Alanna hit a couple in that stretch.

You know, not in a negative way but just those guys, they want it so bad that they are trying to make something happen, and then often times, as we all know, it's counterproductive.

Q. When they have the ball -- is it a helpless feeling when their post who shoots 27 percent from three is draining them? And did you guys feel a little tentative when you were in 3-point shooting range?
COACH LISA FORTIER: Well, I think first of all, she's a way better shooter than her percentage indicates. I know that you know our team very well. We liken her extremely close to Jill Barta. She really can shoot it. I know her percentage doesn't show it but that was not -- the scout was not to leave her open at three.

I think Emma kind of nailed it where they are driving down the gut and we are having a hard time keeping them out of the paint, and so you have to help and then she pops out at a great time. I mean, matching offense, everybody in the world backs off, that's how we defend that offense because of all the cutters and most people don't put their unskilled player right there, and Stanford is too smart for that. So everybody backs off, back off, back off, and they pop them right out there.

We adjusted to where we weren't backing off but the game plan was never really to let her shoot threes. And I forget what your second question was -- oh, on our side.

I don't think there should have been. One of the things in the film, when you watch Stanford play, they get a high hand every time. And so I think, I don't know that we were tentative, I don't think we had open threes, really. There were a couple times I thought Stach maybe could have shot one. She's been shooting the ball so well for us.

But Barta got some off that looked pretty good. Chan know had a couple that looked good. Jessie, my thing with her sometimes is her footwork. But we don't shoot a ton of them. So 17 is probably about right if we had only made five. I wouldn't want to -- shot many more. Maybe we were a little tentative but I definitely think they were trying to make us think about it and not have any catch-and-shoot.

Q. Now that you've scouted and seen Stanford, where would you sort of rank them as an improved team in this country?
COACH LISA FORTIER: We were actually talking about that today. My husband and I went for a run this morning, and I think it's a huge compliment and I hope it's taken this way. We've said this about BYU, and I know a lot of people say this about us: Stanford's teams are always, always, always better this time of year than they are in the beginning. They get good players; don't get me wrong. I know they have plenty of All-Americans and those kind of things, but some teams get players that are just unbelievable and Stanford gets the right ones, and then molds them into the team that they want to have, and you know, has them understand their roles and play.

I think that they are drastically improved from early. Again yesterday we talked about how they had some injuries and stuff and getting healthy helps that, but they just buy in and continue to improve. You know, I hope that people think that about our team because that's a compliment that I'd love to have and a group of teams that I'd love to be included in, as opposed to a team that maybe gets all the best players or underperforms or something like that. That's never going to be the case here.

I remember a few years ago our guys in Stanford lost two games early that people didn't think they should lose and everyone thoughts they were terrible, and it's just laughable because they are just going to continue to get better as they understand what their coaches are trying to get out of them.

Q. Does getting stuck with the 13-seed instead of 12 sting after what happened to Missouri?
COACH LISA FORTIER: Yeah, I didn't see any of that game. I think that's the difference is the home team versus the road team, and I'll be the first to admit, we were that spot last year and we didn't capitalize on it.

But it is different when you're playing a team at home. It's actually one of the issues that I have with the way that it's bracketed. You know, we were recipient of home-court advantage a few years before and we were always a low seed, so I didn't think that it was enough to overcome the higher seeds we were playing necessarily, but it does help you.

You know, if you had asked me any day, play a bigger team or a whatever team on the road -- or equal team on the road or home, of course you're going to pick the team that's on the road.

I know that Florida Gulf Coast does a great job, so again, not having seen any of that, I don't know if it was because Missouri was on the road or not, and who knows what's going to happen on Monday. But I would take the switch, just not knowing much about Missouri just because again, I over-scout (ph).

Q. Both Jenn and Jessie got some pretty big runs today. How important was them playing in a big time game like, this two players projected to be long-term, important pieces?
COACH LISA FORTIER: I think any time you can get your young players is good. We said that last year; we had a couple of them, I don't remember who -- Laura played, and Jill played, in the NCAA Tournament, and it was their first time actually playing in the NCAA Tournament. Barta was on that team but was redshirting that went to the Sweet 16 a few years ago.

Any experience that they have been able to get all year long has been valuable to us. They will have make an impact: We had Jill Townsend in at an important team; we had LeeAnne in at important times. Hopefully that's something that we can build on going forward and now they understand a little bit, and next time we're in this situation, hopefully it will be a different outcome.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Seemed like turnovers were an issue for you guys in the first half. Was it something they were doing defensively?
SOPHIA CUNNINGHAM: No, very good defensive team. We just need to value the ball more. They did push us out farther than we wanted to, credit to them but we just have to value the ball more than we did.

Q. Yesterday you had mentioned at the press conference, you mentioned that the Florida Gulf Coast defense reminded you of a mini Georgia. In what ways were the same and what ways did they present different challenges from that defense?
COACH ROBIN PINGETON: Well, we got around our average. I think we are averaging about 70 points a game but I think they are scrappy. They play hard. They have got some good athletes. They are very physical.

You know, I think it definitely hurt when you are starting four and five only played 17 minutes each, and so they didn't play half a game, and I thought really that could be where we could take advantage of some things with their defense.

And so I think it hurt us when we had to rotate and go a little bit deeper into our bench. But give them credit. Very physical, scrappy, aggressive defensive team.

Q. Tough immediately after a loss but what do you think you're able to do that's most effective today?
SOPHIA CUNNINGHAM: I just had the size advantage down low and my teammates were getting me the ball when I needed it, and when they collapsed, I gave it right back out to them. I just think the size advantage is what allowed me to get those easy points.

Q. You maybe alluded to this with the foul trouble that your post had, they are known for taking a lot of three-pointers, and you shot seven more than they did. Is that just the way the game went or just sort of the plan going in?
COACH ROBIN PINGETON: I think there was probably a handful of those were late-game threes, so I think that's a little bit, when you just look at the box score, I think it's a little bit deceiving. Probably had five or six or seven there at the end of the game.

But we talked about what a great 3-point shooting team they were. I thought we did a great job of that part of it for the most part. But the problem was, you know, just that one-on-one direct line defense.

And they are a team that if you give much help off of, you're going to be in a tough situation, and that's where they get their good looks from the three-point line transition threes, dribble, penetrate and kick; and we just said we were going to try to make them finish tough one-on-one at the rim, and that's where we got into a lot of foul trouble.

Q. It looked like a lot of Sophia's success in the post, especially, happened from the second quarter on. Was emphasizing Sophia in the post always a plan going in or was that an adjustment that was made?
COACH ROBIN PINGETON: Well, we had to rotate some players because we had our starting four and starting five out with foul troubles early, really consistently throughout the game.

So we moved both her and Amber around a little bit from that perimeter position to a post position, and it's something that we try to take advantage of regardless of what lineup's out there, but any time we can get a mismatch within our motion offense, to really look to get the ball inside.

But they made it tougher to catch. We had some forced passes inside to her. A couple times she caught and was swarmed, three or four defenders and made the kick outs tough. She's one heck of a player. I'm glad she's on our team.

Q. Tough immediately following the loss but how would you put into perspective the season you've had this year?
COACH ROBIN PINGETON: Yeah, I think in the moment, it's just hard and all's you can think about is how disappointed you are, and I think we are all in that. But time helps and helps gain a better perspective.

It's been one heck of a year. I mean, all year long, we've been in that top 20. We were in conversations about hosting. You know, we've done some things here this season that haven't been done at Mizou in a long time, but we also have really high expectations.

I think to a certain extent, we feel like we fell short of those. We want to be a team that's competing. We felt like the next step for our program would be a Sweet 16 team, and then you hope to get to the he Elite 8, a final four and win a championship.

It's just such a process, and we continue to build and grow. It's just that as you have more and more success, your expectations become higher and higher, and that's good. I wouldn't want it any other way.

So initially, the finality of it is really challenging. I think with time and perspective, we'll be able to embrace the season that we had. We had some incredible seniors on this team. We're going to miss them. We're going to miss them a lot, their leadership on and off the court. It's been a really good year. It's just hard to focus on that immediately after your Final loss.

Q. Kind of along those lines, what's the message you have to the younger players on your team? You talked about the strong senior leadership. What are you going to say to the players that they are going to have to step up to fill a leadership void soon?
COACH ROBIN PINGETON: Well, first of all, thanks for coming out. We appreciate you being out here.

We absolutely have work to do. We've got -- we're losing some really good players and great leaders, and you know, I think this is going to be a big off-season for us; that we've got an opportunity to focus on some areas that I think were glaring weaknesses for us this year and some things we need to address that way.

But you know, our girls work really hard. It's an incredible group. I love them to death. I'm very thankful I have an opportunity to coach them. They work hard. They do things the right way. It's a special group, and I know they will be just as anxious as I am after we take a moment to exhale and catch our breath to get back off it and focus on some of those areas that we can be better and stronger moving forward.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. As we said, first year, big moment, tournament, five threes, 50 percent from the field. What's going through your mind and what do you have in your veins?
KIANA WILLIAM: I'm just excited to be playing with my teammates, excited that we're hosting and that we get two more home games for our seniors. I was just out there having fun with my team and just executed our game plan and knocked down shots.

Q. When you see Kiana setting up for a three at this point, are you thinking, well, that's good? She has hit 27-of-44 over the last month. What is it like for you watching her?
ALANNA SMITH: I'm just really happy and just almost proud to see Kiana just flourishing right now. I think she's an amazing player and I'm so excited for her future.

Just touching on the threes, when Kiana puts it up, you're assuming it's going to go in. But obviously as a post player, and as our team mantra is to rebound, so I'm going to go in and rebound it anyway. But when Ki puts it up, I'm assuming it's going in?

Q. What was it like facing Barta? There was a stretch at the end of the third quarter, I think you folks were up by eight or something like that. You hit a three, then you threw a charge from Jill, and then Kiana and Nadia hit threes, so that seemed like a pretty big stretch in this game. First of all, what was it like placing Jill Barta, and what about that particular sequence?
ALANNA SMITH: Obviously she's a very talented player and she played extremely well this game, and has played extremely well in the past. We knew that she was going to be a threat to us.

So we worked really hard in the past week. I think a shout-out to our practice players and the scout team; they helped us immensely for this game. We just had to be ready, and knowing that she's aggressive and knowing what shots she likes to take.

In that just stretch of time, I think it was just about trusting your teammates; trusting that your teammate is going to hit an open shot. I think that's what we do really well is that we trust each other.

Q. You said yesterday it was really about energy and aggressiveness. Can you just talk about the way the whole team kind of answered that bell, and then can you talk about Dijonai's contribution tonight?
ALANNA SMITH: Yeah, I think just every game that we play, we talk about our mindset beforehand, and Tara really tries to instill in us that we have to be aggressive and we have to be more aggressive than the other team that we play.

So having someone like Dijonai, who you know every time she's playing, she's going to come out and give a 110 percent. She's like leader of the aggressive club, we like to call.

So you know you can rely on Dijonai to be there and give energy, and so she's one of the leaders in the team in that department I think, and we're really lucky to have someone like that.

Q. How much did it mean for you guys to start pushing the pace early and really get out in transition and establish that for the course of the game? Because they were in here earlier and said they couldn't get stops and it deflated them?
KIANA WILLIAMS: We like to push the pace to get the ball down the floor quickly. Everything in our offense, we have to do it with pace, so that's just what we've been doing all season.

Q. Tara just said that she thought you looked comfortable. Were you comfortable, and did you have any of the freshman, first game in the tournament nerves?
KIANA WILLIAMS: No, my teammates, they have so much confidence in me. It's hard to like just think about what I'm doing. I just go out there and play my game, and our seniors and upperclassmen, they are telling me to stay aggressive and keep playing my game, so that's what I do.

Q. Do you talk to Daejon at all? Both you guys are doing tremendous as freshmen.
KIANA WILLIAMS: Yes, I talk to them when I see them, like either at dinner or breakfast and I'm in a class with him, so yes, we are really close -- not too close. (Laughter)?

Q. There was a stretch in the first half and into the second when you were having people in foul trouble. Marta first, and then Kaylee and Dijonai. Seemed like -- was the game being called too close or was it just were you guys were making fouls that you shouldn't have?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: I think I need to move on to another question.

Q. Would you like to call your attorney first?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: Yeah, I just think we have to move our feet and do a better job defensively. You know, I don't know, I just -- I didn't -- we didn't see the same thing sometimes. But you know, for us, we can't be fouling and getting people in foul trouble. You have to adjust to that.

You know, I don't think the officials make you throw the ball away as much as we threw the ball away. So we've got to do a better job. We talked about that at halftime: Take care of the ball, move our feet defensively, not be putting them at the free throw line. They are excellent free throw shooters. Just kind of do a better job running our offense.

Q. You're going to be facing a Florida Gulf Coast team that doesn't have anybody over 5-11, and you've played -- you lost to a Western Illinois team that was pretty small, too. I don't know if they were any bigger than these folks. What is the big challenge as you see it when you face Gulf Coast?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: Well, you know, they put it right on their shirt: They shoot 3s. We might have somebody that's made -- Kiana, how many 3s has she made totally for the whole season? 45? Maybe 50? I mean, I don't know the exact number. John would probably know.

They have players on their team that have made 88,70, 59. They make the most 3s. They are a very proficient offensive team, whether it's shooting 3s or getting the ball out of the basket and shooting layups. So it's more about their skillset I think than their size.

We kind of just -- I thought they were a gritty team. You know, Missouri is a great team and very physical and very big, and they don't back down.

We're going to have our work cut out for us. I'm very confident that Kate Paye will be scouting and she will have a good game plan for people. Our team really works very hard this week to be ready to play Gonzaga. I know it's a quick turnaround, but they really pride themselves on knowing what the game plan is and coming out and working as hard as they can to make it a good game plan.

Against Florida Gulf Coast, you've got to take care of the ball. They force a lot of turnovers and they don't turn it over. You know you've got to guard people at the three-point line. You can't give them layups. They had one play where they are going in for a layup and she tosses out for the three.

The thing I hope is that Steve Kerr will take a couple of those shooters and have them play for the Warriors on Monday against us because their three-point shooting is exceptional. They are really -- it's going to be a very tough challenge for us.

Q. Brittany didn't have the greatest shooting day but 11 points, 11 boards, six assists, two steals. That was quite a performance.
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: You know, I thought she had some really nice looks that just didn't go down for her, like on the out-of-bounds play, she came off her back and had a layup. I think Britt tried so hard to just win the game. You know, maybe her shot wasn't going in, but she found other things to do. Her rebounding was great.

I think rebounding was a real key for us. You know, getting the 17-0 boards, getting 42 boards; that might have been the difference for us right there. You know, shooting -- different people shooting a good percentage.

But Britt, I know that Britt's a great scorer and it was great for her to do other things in this game. Her defense, she didn't get in foul trouble; her rebounding, her leadership, were all good.

Q. Don't get really mad at me for asking you this question. Have you reached out to Tony Bennett and what was your reaction to that?
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: You know, I didn't know. I got a text actually from Janey.

You know, I watched the game, and you know, I was sad for him, because -- you know, in basketball now, first of all, seeding is not a science. Who knows, the seeding. And sometimes you just don't have a good matchup.

I just feel like as much as it hurt last night, probably today when they woke up, it was even worse. They had an exceptional year, and they have everything to be proud of. I just feel like I'm in really good company. I think he's a great coach.

Q. Is it sort of a relief or nice to have that company --
COACH TARA VANDERVEER: No, not at all. I was rooting for them -- you know, he's from the Pac-12 back then, and I think he's an absolute class guy. You know, sometimes you can't control everything.

They had an injury, and I know our situation I think was different than that in that it was -- the injuries that we had, we weren't a No. 1 seed at the time that we were selected as 1.

You know, it taught me an important lesson. I think he'll learn from it in a good way and so will the guys on the team.

The thing that really I took away from it was, you know, all year they are talking about No. 1 seed, March Madness, No. 1. Enjoy each day. I mean, I'm excited for our team today to beat Gonzaga.

And yes we're getting ready for Florida Gulf Coast and we'll have a lot of work to do. But enjoy each day. You don't know when someone is going to get hurt. You don't know when you're going to get run up against a buzzsaw of a team like they did. It's something that he'll be stronger because of it, and so will his team.

We'll see everybody either tomorrow or Monday. Thanks for coming.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Aside from maybe changing the business attire from maybe a little bit more formal to casual formal, Coach Walz, what's helped him transform that program in such a relatively short amount of time?
GENO AURIEMMA: Wow, he's been there a long time. I don't know if it's a short amount of time. It seems like he's been there forever, from our days in the Big East. It kind of took off right away. It didn't take very long. We played them in the Final Four when he had Angel and that crew. Then we played them again.

So he's certainly set himself apart from a lot of other college coaches and has done a remarkable job there. The record speaks for itself. The accomplishments speak for themselves, the attendance change, everything. He's one of the best coaches that we have in the game. I don't think any of us in the business are surprised that he is where he is, and I would expect them to be a factor on a regular basis.

Q. What makes him so special?
GENO AURIEMMA: Angel McCoughtry, Asia Durr, you want me to keep going? It's the same thing that makes the rest of us able to do what we do. He has the ability to recruit good players, good people to come into Louisville. He coaches the hell out of them. He demands a lot from them. They play in a way that's enviable. I think a lot of young coaches should watch how hard they play and the intensity level that they play at.

They're not easy to play against because they do a lot of different things. He's just a really good basketball coach. You put a really good basketball coach with really good players, and you've got something going.

Q. You've had the same four people together as coaches now for, I think, nine years. What is the value to you of that continuity? And what conversations do you have with Shea and Marisa about their future aspirations and what role you feel you can play in that?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, I agree 100%. There's a lot to be said for having a coaching staff that's been together where everybody understands what the expectations are, everybody's comfortable working together. That's not to say that it's a piece of cake every day. But I think the players and everyone else benefits from that kind of continuity. We had a lot of continuity before Shea and Marisa came. C.D. and I have been the two constants.

As far as their future, I think every coach has their own idea of what the future is. You could say that most coaches that are assistant coaches want to be head coaches some day, but not all of them do. Some want to be head coaches earlier than others, sooner than others. Others are more patient. Everybody is on their own timetable as far as I know.

We talk a lot about what's in store, what is the future and when is an opportunity -- the right opportunity, because certainly they are presented with opportunities on a regular basis. I'm one to encourage when the right opportunity comes along to go. Sometimes I might say go and they say no. And sometimes I might say I think you should stay, and I've had coaches go, nope, it's time to go. So I think each coach is following their own path.

Q. You've had the better of the rivalry by a lot with Notre Dame, but it is still a great rivalry in terms of some of the great players and great games you guys have had. Can you kind of put that in perspective what that rivalry meant to you and what you think it's meant to women's basketball, especially over the last several years as you guys have had so much Final Four success and appearances?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, I remember when Notre Dame first joined the old Big East. We kind of felt like it's just a matter of time, you know? It didn't take all that long, but from the time in 2001 where we lost to them in the Final Four to today, I mean they certainly had their moments where they haven't been Final Four contenders.

But that's been, I would say, in the last 10, 11, 12 years. That's been rare. So when we play Notre Dame during the regular season now, it always seems to be a match-up between Top 5 teams in the country. And they have a slew of All-Americans on their team, and so do we.

As you know, they've got a passionate fan base and so do we, so it makes for great rivalry. Rivalries start going in ebbs and flows. We beat them a lot for a long time. They won a National Championship in 2001. Then we kind of had our way for a long time, and then they kind of had their way for a couple of years, three or four years it might have been, when Skylar was there.

It's been because of the magnitude of the games, the regular season, and then because we've played so many times in the Final Four that the games take on a huge significance every time we play. That's what rivalries do. That's how they're born, and that's how they are sustained.

Q. Geno, I have a similar question, I was going to ask about the rivalry and you talked about what it meant to you. How do your players respond to it on a little bit bigger of a stage, much bigger stage being in the Final Four, but do they embrace it? Do they like playing, like you said, those really big games in particular?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, I think if you -- when you come out of high school and you choose to go to Notre Dame or Connecticut, you're saying I want to play in big games. You're making that decision. I want to play in big games. I want to play on the big stage.

We recruit a lot of the same players, so we've got players that they've recruited. We've got players that we've recruited. I'm sure they stay in touch, and they're friends. Everybody knows everybody anymore in college basketball.

So there is tremendous anticipation when we play them. I'm sure there is from our end, and certainly I'm sure there is on their end. That's what the players want. That's what our players want.

It was difficult when we were in our other league, in the same league together, because we would end up playing each other four times some years, and that's not always good. So now that we're not in the same league, it doesn't seem as intense, but it's still there, believe me. It's there, and it will come out Friday night. That rivalry will come out Friday night.

It's because there is so much mutual respect, I think, off the court. The coaches and the respect we all have for each other, the rivalry is a healthy one. It's a good one.

Q. I was talking earlier with Vic and Jeff, and I was asking about the identity of the teams and that led to an interesting discussion about both saying what's most important is how you play the game. I'm curious, I know it's kind of been a man that of yours. What does mean to you? How do you define that? Is it playing it the right way? What is the core of that?
GENO AURIEMMA: I always get a kick out of that because I hear people say that quite a bit. Hey, Connecticut, or like you just said, Louisville or Mississippi State or Notre Dame, whoever say, wow, their program, they play basketball the right way. I'm thinking, well, how many coaches know that they're playing basketball the wrong way? You know? I don't know that there's a right way and a wrong way to play.

I think every coach makes a decision that this is the way that I see the game. This is how I see the game being played. This is what's comfortable for me. This is what I believe in. This is what I know, and this is what I'm going to teach my team.

If you're winning, then, you know what? They play the game the right way. If you're losing and everybody feels sorry for you, you know, they play the right way, but they're just not very talented. And if you're winning, everything's great. Everybody admires you. Everybody admires what you do. I see it all the time. As soon as somebody's winning, they become a way better coach than they were when they weren't winning as much.

So I think if you asked the coaches in the Final Four and they were honest, you would say what is the secret to your success? Well, we all have really, really, really good players. And anybody who says they don't, is lying. For all those people that say, well, Connecticut gets all the best players, so it's not fair.

Well, last time I checked none of our four schools would be at the Final Four if we didn't have great players and lots of them.

So we're fortunate, all four of us, to coach really good players. When you have really good players, you can get a lot of things accomplished that maybe other coaches can't get accomplished. So it looks like we're doing things the right way.

Now, don't get me wrong, there are some teams you watch and you just go what do they do at practice? Because it just doesn't look good. And when you watch our four teams play, even though we have, I think, somewhat different styles, you can tell it just works. That's why we're all going to be in Columbus.

Q. As a follow-up, I guess part of this is if you're winning by 30 points, 40 points, human nature would be kids cruise, whatever. Maybe that's where how you play the game matters is score becomes secondary to execution or whatever. Maybe that's part of this too?
GENO AURIEMMA: Right, right, yeah. Yeah. I've never believed that the final score is going to be indicative of how you played. To me that's never the issue. To me the issue is are you getting the most out of the kids that you're coaching? Are your kids able to respond to what you're coaching them to do, and do they compete? I appreciate when people say that about our team.

Hey, if you play against Connecticut, they compete, and they compete every possession. That's a great compliment to our players.

Q. Just wondering, I was talking to Vic Schaefer earlier today, and he was talking about how difficult it is to make it to back-to-back Final Fours and just the target on your back and everything like that. Obviously you guys have now made it to 11 straight Final Fours and just wondering how you've been able to handle that, the pressure, the target, whatever you want to call it. Why UConn has been so successful and the kind of sustained success?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, that's kind of what we have to deal with every day. I think you have to try really, really hard to recruit the kind of players that are ultra competitive, that are not satisfied with just being really good, that they want to be great, and that they want to be coached really, really hard. They want to -- they want to be part of something really special.

You come to Connecticut, and you look up on those walls when you come to our practice facility, and you look around and you go, all right, well, I'm going to be here four years. Well, what in God's name can I accomplish that hasn't already been done?

If you're in awe by that, or you're intimidated by that, then you're not going to be successful here and we're not going to be successful.

So we have a hard time recruiting those kinds of kids because there's not a lot of them around. We've managed to -- our staff has managed to get those kids year in and year out. It's not easy. You know, people talk about this and that and yeah, you win by this many, and you're bad for basketball and all that. That's the biggest bunch of crap I've ever heard, you know? There's a lot of really, really good teams out there, and there's more good teams than there ever have been.

It is harder to get to the Final Four than it used to be. South Carolina just found that out this year, like we did in 1991. Then we found out again in 1995. It's not as easy as people think. When your fan base and your players all come to expect -- it's like a right of passage that you go to Connecticut, you go to the Final Four, I mean, that's the most dangerous way to think ever.

We have to fight every day, everybody, the expectations. Even though we know they're there and even though we've created them, it's -- if Vic thinks this is hard, wait till he sees what it's like the next three years.

Q. Following up on that, have you ever thought about getting a target tattoo put on your back (laughing) ?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, yeah (laughing). The two things I've thought about getting, a target tattoo on my back and a sign saying don't ask me why I don't coach men's basketball. If I could do away with a couple of those, I'd be a happy camper.

Q. Just the continuum of it, when you were growing up, you and I are exactly the same age, we have exactly the same birthday. So I was going to ask you this: When you were growing up, who was that team -- I'm not talking about Tennessee later in coaching, but who was that great dynasty team that you looked at and wondered how do they do that?
GENO AURIEMMA: UCLA. UCLA.

Q. What stood out about UCLA in your mind then? Go ahead. I'm sorry.
GENO AURIEMMA: Obviously I was at an age where I could appreciate everything they were doing, because you were just captivated by them, everything about them. You know, the way they played, the uniforms they wore, the way they looked on the court, their unbelievable accomplishments, the air about them. You could feel it across the TV set.

I remember my buddies and I would talk all the time about which would you rather do? Would you rather go to a Division-I school and play 30 minutes a game and probably never play in the Final Four? Or would you rather go to UCLA and know you're probably going to win a National Championship, or come close, but you might not play as much? And that was always an interesting point of conversation with guys.

I always thought what in God's name must it be like to be in that program every single day? I'm sure the New York Yankees were like that. I'm sure the Boston Celtics were like that. I'm sure that the Montreal Canadiens were like that. So there's been a lot of examples of that stuff.

But for me, it was UCLA.

Q. And the answer -- in the answer to that question, what is it like to be in that seat?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, now I know why John Wooden retired at still a young age because it's, in some ways, it's exhausting. It really is.

Listen, as I'm saying this I'm going, man, you know, it's going to be 5,000 coaches at the Final Four this week, and they're going to read it and say, "Yeah, I wish I had your problems." I get that. But I tell you what, you wish you had my problems for like one year. You don't want to be in this position for 25 years because it's -- it takes a lot. It takes an unbelievable staff. It takes knowing that you have to get a certain kind of player every year.

Believe me, after all these years, I'm still amazed that it turns out the way it does. So the hardest part about being in this seat is trying to convince yourself that, hey, it's okay if you don't win a National Championship.

Now it bothers you if you don't, but I keep repeating what my mother said last year. "It's okay if you lose. You don't have to win all the time. You win too much. That's why people hate you" (laughing). So I try to keep that in mind every once in a while.

Q. Follow up on that, just real quick, this team in particular, if you look at just your season, I would think a moment of truth was at Texas when there was a huge crowd there, biggest crowd they'd had in 10, 15, 20 years, everybody's out to get you. It's a close game, and Crystal Dangerfield hit those two free throws near the end to put you guys back up comfortably. But was that the moment of truth for this team from the standpoint of facing a challenge? Samuelson gets a black eye or swollen eye coming out of it and stepping up? If you understand what I'm saying, does that game stand out to you -- I don't know if turning point is the right word -- maybe the apex or the corner?
GENO AURIEMMA: I think it was certainly one of them. Yeah, I think it was certainly one of them. Again, the environment, the quality of the team we were playing against. We struggled a lot of the game. But as I'm sitting on the bench a lot of those times I'm saying what is the worst thing that comes out of this game if we don't win? We go home and we've got another game to play, and we're actually better off for it because we'll have a pretty good understanding that, hey, during that situation, this didn't work.

So I always want to win, and I'm glad we pulled it out. But I think the bigger moment, to be honest with you, even though it wasn't on the road, was the fourth quarter. The whole second half, but mostly the fourth quarter in the Notre Dame game. Gabby was on the bench the whole second half, and Lou was on the bench most of the fourth quarter. And we had some guys step up and make some huge plays to beat a really, really good team, a great team, actually.

So I think that day I wonder if we had been on the road, would we have lost that game? I don't know. But we were at home, and we needed some players to make some huge plays that don't necessarily make those plays. That made me think, okay, we have some other things going for us other than just the players that everybody says are the best players.

Q. You mentioned that this was one of the strongest fields in a long time. I was wondering, when you have four one seeds, four teams with six losses combined, I know it's going to be harder to play these teams, but in some ways is it easier to prepare your team during the week knowing that you have to be that locked in?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yes and no, yeah. Yes and no. It is easier because you know you're playing a great team, and you better be ready. There better not be any stones left unturned. Every kid better be on their best behavior. And whatever they've been doing all year long, they better do it that well and better. So, yeah.

The harder part is you can do all that and still get your ass beat. And knowing that, it's kind of like, oh, my gosh, we could do everything right this week. We could prepare. We could do everything. We had everything taken care of, every contingency, we've got everything. We're ready to go, and then go out and still get smacked.

So that, you know, there are some other years where you go, okay, look, if we do A, B, C and D, there is no way we can lose. Well, that's not happening this week.

Q. Just as a quick follow-up, of all the Final Fours you've been to, one where you kind of learned that lesson about the harder part that you just mentioned?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, I think there was -- there's been a couple times, actually. It's funny because it did involve Notre Dame both times, that I can remember. The one in 2001 where we were missing two first-team All Americans. We were missing Shea Ralph and Svetlana Abrosimova. And we went out there and we're up like 13, 14, 15 in the first half. It's like, yeah, we've got this. Then they came back and beat us, and beat us good.

So that kind of reminded me, hey, you don't have this. You don't have anything until the buzzer goes off. That's number one.

And then one other incident happened. We played Tennessee one year in the Final Four in Charlotte, and the game went into overtime and we lost, and we said, hey, you can do everything right, and we did. We did everything right that night. I wouldn't take anything back that we did. Our guys played as well as they're capable of playing, every one of them, and they beat us.

So, believe me, everybody remembers the 11 National Championships. I remember all the other stuff.

Q. My question is sort of along the lines of a previous question, so I guess building off of that, you previously mentioned that this was one of the toughest fields out there of course you have four No. 1 seeds facing off against each other, Louisville of course facing Notre Dame. I don't know why I'm drawing a blank. I was just looking at the other teams coming out of the other region?
GENO AURIEMMA: Mississippi State, Notre Dame, and Louisville.

Q. Thank you for reminding me. You see a lot of brackets being busted for the men's basketball team where you have an 11 seed and a 3 seed. How do you think having four No. 1 seeds really affects not only the level of competition for your team, but also the viewership experience? Do you think really the team is really more excited about facing this high level of competition?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, two years ago we went to the Final Four, and we were the only No. 1 seed. Then three teams, according to the experts, came out of nowhere. So it's starting to happen.

This just happens to be one of those years where the committee got the No. 1 seeds exactly right, and those guys played exceptional basketball. Some of the upsets happened along the way, but not enough to derail the number ones.

As far as the fan viewership, you're getting a chance to watch the best teams. Again, some people are going to agree and some people aren't. I was watching Nevada, I think it might have been Nevada and was it Loyola?

Q. Loyola Chicago?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, so you're watching teams that upset other people. Then you're watching Kansas state play Loyola, and people are saying, wow, you know there's a lot better teams out there and that's what people want to watch. You can't have it both ways. You can't have the excitements of the upsets and the excitement of Cinderella and then say we only want the best teams.

So this just happens to be one of those years where the four No. 1s, the four best teams in America are playing for a National Championship.

From a fan standpoint, I think it's tremendous because there is a pretty good chance that every single game is going to be competitive, ultra competitive. To me, how exciting is that?

I talked to one of my players this morning, and I said, how you doing? She said, I'm excited. I said how excited? She said this is the most excited I've been. She's been to a bunch of Final Fours and won a National Championship. So this is a big deal to all the players.

Q. Coach, this is your 11th straight Final Four. Would you see your team as maybe each year being different where after winning a National Championship or losing a Final Four you look at it as a clean slate moving on to the next year? Or do you view it as sort of a cohesive unit where going from year to year you're taking a lot of lessons that you've learned from the previous year and sort of building off of them as you try to create another team with players leaving and more players coming in? Would you consider it more of a process that sort of bridges gaps between teams over years? Or do you look at each year as sort of a clean slate?
GENO AURIEMMA: No, we start every year brand-new. I really don't care too much about what happened in the past. I know other coaches have a philosophy, maybe, but we're not one for slogans and rallying cries and redemption tours or any of that other nonsense.

What happened last year, happened last year. Whether we win the whole thing or whether we lose, that's insignificant to what's going to happen this year.

I don't hold on to losses going forward, and I don't carry wins around with me saying, well, we won in the past. We should win even more this year.

So every year for us is a brand-new team. I don't care if we have everybody back. It's a brand-new team, a brand-new start. We've got a lot to prove.

Q. I remember in last year's Final Four when Morgan hit that shot, you had a smile on your face, and you later said that everything happens for a reason, and something along the lines of course that shot would go in. What else were you thinking in that moment? Why was that your reaction?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, one, I've always known this, and it's common sense. The more you keep winning, the closer you're getting to your next loss, because you can't win forever. So for anybody to think that we're going to win four National Championships in a row and then five and then six, and then seven, it's ridiculous. For anyone to think that we're going to win 300 games in a row, that's nonsense.

So the way that game was played out -- and we botched that last possession that we had. We did a terrible job coming out of that timeout coaching-wise, playing-wise, everything. And they come down, you just know. You've seen too many games, and the law of probability, you know, this shot's going in.

Then when it went in, all I could do was smile and go, of course. How could it end any other way? It's time. It was time. And that just happened to be the time. That was the moment. That was the kid. That was the shot. We've won enough for me to understand there is another side to this.

So that whole time, as soon as it was over, yeah, I get this. I know exactly what happened and why. Let's move on.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. What is your identity? Every program has an identity. What do people coming to these games expect to see in Columbus?
MUFFET McGRAW: Well, I would say that our identity has really been on offense. I would prefer it was not the case. I think we're a pretty up-tempo team and we've been scoring a lot of points.

Q. There's this idea of adapt or die. There's a perception that Notre Dame, UConn, peanut and butter jelly sandwich for decades. I would assume that is not accurate. As a program, you have to adapt. You are not the same team doing the same things you did 10 years ago?
MUFFET McGRAW: No, absolutely not. We are a much different team. I think we're much more of a balanced team, much more of a high-scoring team. I think we played a little differently than we did 10 years ago, playing a little bit faster.

We've always been pretty guard-oriented. I think offensively we have been running the same offense for about 10 years. I think we've perfected it a little bit more. I think we've added some things, put in some new wrinkles and adapted to each team, done different things to suit the players' strengths.

Q. Obviously you have a really good rivalry game coming up. From your perspective, how has this rivalry evolved from the days of the Big East where you only see them a couple times a year now compared to three or four times a year like you would?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, that was definitely a lot of fun being in the Big East, playing them. I know two years in row a we played them four times. Just really created a great rivalry. We had some good games during that rivalry.

Lately we have not played as well, and they've definitely been the ones that have dominated the series. For us, I think it's always been an exciting game. I think we are a team that wants to compete, and we are going to go in and play the underdog role this time.

Q. Do your players like that underdog role? Is that something that helps them come out with a little bit more fire?
MUFFET McGRAW: I don't know because we haven't been in that role enough this year. I think most of the games that we've been in, with the exception of probably the ACC final, we were supposed to win. I don't think this team really cares if there's a target on their back or what they are.

But I think it's great for us to know there's no pressure on us, that this is a game where we're the underdog. We're going to finally be wearing our dark uniforms, so I think maybe that will make us feel a little different coming out.

Q. Of the 12 assistant coaches who are in the Final Four, all but one are women. I believe that's the second year in a row that's the case. With your experience in this sport, your involvement with the WBCA, is that reason to be encouraged? Is it too small a sample size to be meaningful as far as the opportunities that are available right now?
MUFFET McGRAW: I would love to see more female head coaches. I would also love to see a little more diversity, especially African American women as head coaches.

I do really appreciate the fact that Geno hires all women on his staff. I'm not sure if the others are all women, but I think it's so important that they do have all female staffs when it's a male head coach.

Q. With someone like Niele on your own staff, what conversations do you have with her about her future, what might be down the road for her?
MUFFET McGRAW: She's got big things in store. She's a rising star. I think she's going to be the next great coach coming up the ranks. Every year picks up a little bit more. She never stops learning. Every time a job opens, I'm pretty sure she's going to get a phone call. Hopefully they wait till after the season. I'm afraid I'm going to lose her every single year.

But she has such big things in store for her. I couldn't be happier with her development, and her contribution to our team. She's the one that does the big scouts, she's in charge of recruiting. Really she does it all. She definitely is going to be a head coach very soon.

Q. Can you talk about all the injuries, things y'all went through this year. Also, how much does this season mean to you to get back knowing you had all the adversity?
MUFFET McGRAW: Well, I think just to start out without having Brianna Turner, you lose an All-American. She changes the game when she's in the game because she can block shots, she's a defensive presence, she can do so many things. Initially we at least had time to prepare, What will we do without Bri? Then we got Jessica Shepard. That eased the pain of that a little bit.

When you lose players throughout the season, Mikayla Vaughn, Mychal Johnson go down before we even started, there's our best defensive guard gone. Then Mikayla, not having Bri, we had that athletic post that could block shots. She was coming along. We lose her.

Then to lose Lili Thompson first game of the ACC, she's playing point, starting in point, coming off the bench at point, giving Marina especially a chance to play her normal position. We had to retool yet again in the midst of a game to figure out could Jackie Young play some points. Marina is going to take over the job full-time, how is her improvement to be.

I think the key to our success right now has been Marina. I'm not even sure what the word is. She learns so much. You see her directing so much more now than she did before.

Q. How gratifying is this for you, with all the injuries you had, that your team had the resilience to get back to the Final Four?
MUFFET McGRAW: We keep shaking our heads. I think I'm kind of torn between crying and laughing. It means so much. There's so much emotion because of what we've been through. The resilience of this team, how they just are relentless in pursuit of their goal. They didn't ever quit or question whether or not we could do it.

Just to have that experience of getting to the Final Four, you need to have those experienced players to keep your program going. Now we have freshmen who have been to the Final Four. That's going to help us in the long run.

Q. If you had one word to define your team, what would it be?
MUFFET McGRAW: I would say 'resilience'.

Q. When you took over, you had a blank canvas. I remember the John Wooden days. He had the pyramid of success. When you took over, what are some of the building blocks that you envisioned to make this what it is?
MUFFET McGRAW: Well, I've learned a lot, changed the blocks quite a bit over the years. I think when you start out, you just want to get good players. You don't really care about anything else. I got to get the best players I can get. I learned that lesson the hard way.

I would say that our building blocks now are about our culture. It's about having high-character kids who care about each other and care about winning more than themselves.

I think it's an unselfish attitude that this team has. They're a team of workers. They love being in the gym. They love being together. I think that kind of team-first attitude and the chemistry of our team has definitely been the most successful team that we've had. Certainly over the last 10 years that's been our focus, is trying to find the right fit more than the talent.

Q. Was there ever a time this year with the injuries that you thought, Can we take any more? Was there a turning point where, This is going to be okay?
MUFFET McGRAW: It was definitely the former. I think when Lili Thompson went down, that really changed everything. Not having the point guard that could handle pressure, that could run the team, that had a great mind for the game, just really poised, had the experience. She had absolutely everything that we were lacking at the time. That was a blow. Happened on New Year's Eve.

Then I think almost the next week or so, Jackie Young got a broken nose. We didn't know if she would be able to play because we couldn't get a brace on it in time. She had to have it on. The training room put together a brace they found, a 20-year-old thing that some baseball player wore at one time. It was horrible, but she played through it.

That almost broke me, when I didn't know if Jackie was going to be able to play. I just kept thinking, How much more can we take?

About a month later, Kathryn gets elbowed in the eye. Her eye is shut. She can't see. She's out for that game, possibly the next one. When you only have seven, every little thing that happens in practice, you just worry.

But I think kind of the turning point was really the Tennessee game when we came back from whatever we were down, came back to win that game against a really good team.

Q. You've played UConn so many times, 47 times. In particular the game at the beginning of this season where you had the lead going into the fourth quarter. I know the personnel changed because you lost Thompson. Are there things you take specifically from that game along with all the experience you have against them going into this Final Four?
MUFFET McGRAW: I think that game really helped our confidence (audio interruption).

RICK NIXON: Muffet, if you could start over again, you dropped out a bit there.

MUFFET McGRAW: Well, it was a long answer.

I think we gained a lot of confidence from the game at Connecticut. I think both teams have made some changes (audio interruption) and both playing the same number of people, so...

Q. You mentioned the recruiting aspect, realizing things like character and the fit of a program sometimes can be bigger even than a certain athleticism you might be looking for. Geno talked about how you guys a lot of times may recruit the same players because they're looking for that, too, the player who wants to go to a program. Could you compare how often you have gone for the same players, and how important is that in what both of you have accomplished, to get that type of player?
MUFFET McGRAW: We both love the same kind of player. We compete against each other constantly (audio interruption). I think Geno has the same kind of approach. We have both passed on some really talented players. It's interesting when you see UConn is not recruiting them either. Maybe we were right in what we were thinking.

Q. I believe you're one of two programs to beat these UConn programs multiple times in a row. Are there any lessons you can take from one victory to lead into the next, to be able to beat this program multiple times in a row?
MUFFET McGRAW: Kayla McBride is someone that always played well in that game, had the most success. (Audio interruption). I think we might have won six of eight. I'm thinking of calling them back, see if they can (audio interruption).

RICK NIXON: Muffet, you dropped out.

MUFFET McGRAW: Did you get my answer?

RICK NIXON: Maybe the last portion again.

MUFFET McGRAW: To come back with Skylar, get the most success against UConn if we get them back to be on the bench, to come join this game.

Q. Are there any kind of things in all your experience against them that you know a team specifically needs to compete against them?
MUFFET McGRAW: I mean, they're just such a tough matchup because everybody can score. They can score from the perimeter. They can beat you on the block. I don't think there's any (audio interruption) we see coming in. We're going to have to play the best game of the year.

RICK NIXON: Thanks, Muffet. It's been a busy 24 hours for you. Appreciate you jumping on the call today. We look forward to having you in Columbus in the morning.

MUFFET McGRAW: Thanks.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Can you talk a little bit about the All-America awards and what Victoria and what Teaira and what Morgan have meant?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Well, they are very well deserved. I'm really happy for them, proud of them. Again, I think it shows a tremendous commitment on their part, my staff's part, with those players.

Those student athletes are very deserving. Morgan, as our point guard for four years here, she's really playing well right now, too. And again, she gets pushed every day by Jaz in practice, and they have made each other better.

You know, Victoria, to improve your shooting percentage 13 percentage points from two, and I think seven from three, from junior to senior year, is really astounding. Typically, the most improvement you make is between your freshman and sophomore year, but she's really taken off, playing with so much confidence right now. Had a heck of a regional in Kansas City, her and Teaira both were MVPs. I've never heard of that, co-MVPs of a regional, and both of them were deserving. I commend the people that voted on that for giving it to both of them because they both were outstanding.

Obviously Teaira, I've said it all year long, the kid does it night-in and night-out, 27, I think. You would know better than me but I think it's 27 double-doubles in the Southeastern Conference with two and three people hanging on her.

To be able to do it consistently over the course of the season, is really, really difficult to do. We had a heck of a non-conference schedule, as well, and just so proud of her and her development. And I say this all the time: I still think she's got -- she can go a whole lot further. I think her development is still way out there, and she just can become even more dominating, if that's even possible, which it is in my mind, you know, with another great summer and a good fall.

Q. That stat you mentioned earlier with the assistant coaches, what parts of you, either personality-wise or basketball-wise, does each of them kind of balance out, and in particular, how did Dionnah become part of that staff?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Well, my staff, is incredible. We are all so much -- first of all, we're family. They don't work for me. They work with me. We work together. They embrace the grind. They embrace the process. It is a hard-working -- they are so committed to our student athletes. Their attention to detail is spot-on.

I mean, we are all so much alike in terms of competitiveness and making sure that we cover our bases. We have everything, you know, not wanting to be surprised by anything in our preparation, and then the recruiting piece, they are just bulldogs, for lack of a better word. They are bulldogs when it comes to recruiting.

Again, just really blessed to have this staff, a mixture of experience and youth; and at the same time my youth is mature beyond its years, just again, the work ethic that this group has is amazing. I've been able to surround myself with people that have the same goals, the same drive, the same vision that I have, and that's the secret I think to any company, any program, is you've got to surround yourself with people that are better than you in some areas, you know that, have a drive and embrace the grind.

There is no time in our day. There's no -- in other words, there's no 8:00 to 5:00. It's daylight to the next day. I mean, it's just the way it is. I just appreciate them so much.

I was able to hire Dionnah a couple years ago. I got her from George Mason, came highly recommended to me, and you know, her and Carly both have been tremendous additions. Johnnie and I have been together a long, long time, and you know, we're family. I mean, she's done a heck of a job developing Big T, and as a post coach does so much for our program.

She's that assistant that when I'm gone, if there's got to be a decision made, she knows which decision it make and which one I would make. She's tremendous. I can't say enough about Johnnie, what she means to me personally as well as professionally. We're family. That's the best thing I can say about her.

Q. A little more on Teaira, if I could. I can remember when she was a younger player, you talked about just how there was so much to sort of build on with the raw potential of her. As you said, we're seeing that now. When you look back, even at the history of the last, I don't know, ten, 15 years of women's basketball, do you see her starting to really compare to some of the great centers that we've seen in the game, the great true centers, and what do you think are the things that she's most developed so far in her three years with Mississippi State?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: I think the thing that's really impressed me about her is just how hard she plays the game; in particular, her pursuit of the basketball rebounding.

She just -- there are times when I thought over the weekend, there were times when she just would not be denied, and she has really become that -- that Bill Russell-type, who understands angles and shots when they are coming off. She just has a tremendous nose for the ball. Her pursuit of the basketball has really become I think a staple for her.

It's hard to get a body on her and it's hard to move her. You know, her strength, I think is really another dominating factor in her game. I think the thing that as the year's gone by now this year, she's developing that skill set.

Her touch around the rim, her ability to get to her spots, and score from them, in more than one way. That's still coming and we still have a lot of work, in my mind, to do there, but just to be able to watch her develop her skill set; her free throw percentage, for instance, she started off the year in the 30s. She's now in the high 60s, but if you look over the last five games, she's at 80-something. She's done a tremendous job there improving her touch, her face-up game and her range.

I'm proud of her. As you know, those post players, they do all the dirty work. They are down there, you know, leaning, rubbing, getting shoved around and a lot of their development, too, is not just the physical piece but after you do all that and you run the floor and a guard misses you on a post-up, you know, you can't get upset about that. You have to turn right back around and go back and do it again and hope the next time, they don't miss you.

That's the mental possess that a lot of the big kids, post players, men and women, sometimes have a hard time dealing with, and she's been just a champ and a pro.

Q. When you took the job, what did you envision this program being? Obviously it had not been a powerhouse. What was it about Mississippi State that you thought, I could get it done here?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: My vision is exactly what we're experiencing last year, this year. I believed this could happen. I believed that we had the blueprint.

Again, part of that blueprint was Johnnie coming with me. You know, her knowledge of the game and her knowledge of what it takes in a program. That's such a broad -- there's so many things that go into developing a program. I didn't believe I was brought here to have a Top-25 team.

As I told Scott Strickland, my athletic director then, I wanted to come here and build a Top-10 program. There's a difference between Top-25 teams and Top-10 programs. Programs are there every year. Year-in, year-out. You pick up a preseason pole, you're looking for a certain team in the Top-10. You don't know where they are going to be but they are in the Top-10. Those teams 17-25 are fluid. One week they are in the pole, the next week they are out, the next week they are not receiving votes, the next week they are receiving.

That's not what my vision was. I envisioned us building a Top-10 program here, and again, I believed we could do it because of the people, because of the administration. Our facilities are incredible, and it's a beautiful part of the country.

Again, I'm not from Mississippi. I don't think I've been in this state other than to recruit the No. 1 player in the country one year and then I had to play here three times out of six years when I coached at Arkansas. So other than that, I had never even been through the state, but it's a tremendous place, tremendous people in this state. And we have a beautiful campus.

I can't tell you how many times I've had recruits and parents here and their parents have told me, "Coach, we had no idea this was here." I think I've lost six kids in six years who have actually been on official visits here.

But again, the only piece is, I had to have the right staff. We had to have the right people here that would be committed to our mission, and again, we didn't panic. That first year, when we went 13-17, that may be the best job in coaching I've of done. I didn't think we'd win three games and we won 13, won five in the league, and so you know, we didn't panic. We just went would work. We went recruiting.

That first recruiting class wasn't highly ranked. I think they were ranked 35th and maybe seventh in the league of 14 teams, but they were kids that fit. They fit our style of play. They fit what we desperately needed here, which was a competitive spirit and toughness. We just didn't have that.

So it's been fun building it.

Q. You're going to get a variation of this, I'm sure, all week. You're the only team that's beaten UCONN in a long time. How much relevance is there to that, and even though you beat them last year, you didn't get the ultimate prize which I'm sure drives you.
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: I think every year is new and different. Our mission this year is unfinished business. Our kids have embraced that. I'm sure Connecticut's is similar. They want to get back and have that opportunity again, and they have been driven by that.

I think you could see last night, they are very focused and playing at an unbelievable high level. I mean, they are so, so talented, so good, so well coached. You know, they are just -- they are on a mission, as well.

I think we've both been probably fueled by what happened a year ago. For us, we've now got to get ready and play a very, very good Louisville team that's extremely well coached, great players. We're both from very good conferences and so you know, that's our challenge this week is trying to get ready for them.

But I'm sure that everyone has their own motivations to get to where we are right now, and I think it's, you know, I'm glad I'm one of the 1-seeds that made it. I would have hated to have been the one that didn't. All four 1-seeds made it and now we are all motivated to try to get to the last game of the year.

Q. Every team has an identity. You're coming to Columbus. What can you tell the fans, the city, what is Mississippi State's identity? What are they going to see?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Our kids, I think they are going to see a very -- a team that typically all year has been able to score. We shoot it extremely well. We've got four kids around the perimeter that can really shoot it. We've got the big bookend inside in Teaira.

But I think past all that, you're going to see a team that plays extremely hard. You know, someone wants to describe you as an individual player or your team, as a tough, physical, aggressive basketball team, you'd probably like that.

I think a football coach would like it if they described your football team as a tough, physical, aggressive team; you'd like that, I think in any sport. Well, that doesn't say anything about your skill set.

I think for us, we've really tried to embrace that. It's part of our program. It part of our DNA of who we are. We have a saying in our locker room: It's not what we do but how we do it that separate us from the rest of the country.

This team has really prided itself on work ethic, attention to detail, and I think you're going to see a team that has tremendous chemistry, and they love playing the game. They really have a lot of fun playing a game. They have been a blast to coach. I think anybody that has seen us across the country knows that. Anybody that hasn't seen us, I think they will be impressed by how hard these kids play.

Q. You talked about your shooting. Has the women's game followed along with the men's game where spacing, three-point shot is becoming sort of more and more important? Do you embrace that or do you approach it a little differently?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Well, this year's team certainly has. I've never, like I said, this is the best offensive team I've ever had. They are just really, really talented. We can space the floor and shoot it at four shots and then again it's hard to get help off anybody to deal with Teaira inside.

So we have, we've embraced it. Really, again, it the first team I've had like that. Last year's team was more defensive-minded. I've complained a lot about this year's team defensively, and yet we averaged in the Southeastern Conference, we held people to 55 points a game and something like 39 percent field goal percentage defense, which isn't that great. But the points, I do like the points allowed.

Offensively we've averaged, 82, 84 points a game all year. Our point differential in the Southeastern Conference was 24 points in 16 conference games, which is unbelievable. It's off the chart.

Last year's team was 13, when we went 13-3, it was 13 points. So year's team is obviously offensively much more skilled and talented. So we've certainly embraced the four at one end for sure.

Q. I was just going to ask you, you talked about having a bulls-eye on your back and how proud you've been of your team for getting through the season and winning all those games, looking at a program like UCONN which is in its 11th straight Final Four, you hear that number and you think of how hard it is just to get to two. What does it say about UCONN's program? What do you think about that streak for them?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Well, again, it's a level of excellence never before seen in the game of basketball, not just women.

I think what Coach Auriemma and his program, his staff, have been able to create with their student athletes is outstanding. It's an incredible run, and it's not like it's going to end any time soon, I don't think. They are obviously extremely driven and highly motivated. They have done it every year.

So if and when it ever does -- when they retire, which obviously I don't know when that will be, but if and when that run ever ends, I don't think it will ever be seen again. I mean, it's just -- they have just been incredible. They are to be commended for it. It's an incredible feat, and trust me, I've lived it for the one year here, and they have done it forever, it seems like, just forever.

Again, I have so much respect for them, knowing how hard it is, and they just do it every year. I mean, they just crank it out every year, do it every year at such a high level.

Look, they are not just winning. He said it last night. It's not just about winning for them. It's how they win and how they play the game, and that's what I've tried impart on these kids here in our program. It's how you play the game and how you respect and honor the game, and I think that's where he's at with his program and how they coach. It's how they play. I think that's the piece that gets lost in all this is the way they play the game and dominate the game, in all facets, not just one.

You know, they talk about their offense and how good it is, but let me tell you, they are really good defensively, trust me. I got held to 38 one time.

Q. You talked about not having McDowell as an All-American, and we've had that discussion before, but when you picked Morgan William out of the crowd, what make made you pick Morgan because she seems like the glue that runs your show.
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: No question. She's really been special and what a blessing to have had her here these last four years.

You know, we saw a kid that provided who we are: How hard she plays; she's so quick, athletic, fast, long, but really just plays the game like a bulldog. She's just tough, hard-nosed, competitive. That kid played with a broken leg her sophomore year. Most kids would have turned it in and sat out six weeks. She played through it.

It's just been a blessing for me and our program here for four years. Love her like my own. She rooms with Blair. They are roommates. You know, just a special, special kid. But we saw a kid that fit what we needed and we've had some -- I've been a part of some great point guard over the years, but that's where it starts, really, for me, and for us is you've got to have great point guard play.

You have no chance in the Southeastern Conference if you don't have great point guard play, and she's really provided and been a steady player there game in, game out, day-in, day-out in practice and year-in, year-out.

Q. To follow up, do you think your girls like Victoria and Teaira, and even Morgan, not being selected for All-American teams out of high school, do they use that as motivation?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: I don't think there's any question; you and I both know, people get all caught up in putting a number by some kid's name, and it affects in how they are judged in so many opportunities. Not just in what college thinks they are good enough or recruits that, but even past that whether it's representing your country, or even at the next level.

These kids have all had opportunities to make some other teams while they are here, and they have not been chosen. You know, for whatever reason, these kids, they have tremendous pride. I do, too.

It's disappointing and disheartening because I know who they are and how hard they work. I know what kind of basketball player they are and I know what kind of teammate they are. I don't think there's any question that, you know, these kids belong. They have proven it and I'm happy for them. It can be a little bit frustrating.

Q. Just curious, we've talked a lot on this call about your team, but talking about the matchup that you have ahead of you, what do you make of the challenge that Louisville presence and what do you think you guys will have to do to get to the title game?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Well, they are really good. They are awfully talented. Obviously Jeff does a tremendous job. We're going to have to really play well. They have obviously got one of the greatest players in the game right now and Player of the Year in the ACC. But they have also got the other players around her.

One of my questions yesterday in our staff meeting: Okay, we know about Asia, but who else is capable of going off and really hurting you, and of course, we all knew the answer, but it created an opportunity for us to have conversations about that because they are very talented at every position.

The thing is, Jeff's going to do a great job. He and his staff are going to do a great job not only getting them ready but having them prepare for the things that we do and we do well. You're going against a complete program. You're going against an incredible staff. You're going against great players. They have had a heck of a year as all four teams have had. But just you're going to have to be an your A Game and because they are really, really talented, really, really special.

Jeff, I know Jeff well and I have a tremendous amount of respect for the job he's done there at Louisville.

Q. Doesn't look like you've ever played each other before.
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: We haven't. We saw each other that first year when I was year. I think we saw each other in Puerto Rico or maybe Puerto Vallarta that we played a tournament together and didn't play each other, of course he was very good then and we weren't very good.

I think that's the thing this time of year. We had never played UCLA either. Typically I've got a file that's three inches thick on every team I play, and even the TV people made a comment about my file on UCLA. Well, we just haven't played them very much, or any. The same will be true with Louisville.

I have had the opportunity to watch them play. I've made a point to watch them play during the season because I have so much respect for Jeff and their program and like watching how they play the game. They are similar to us in a lot of areas.

You know, I have seen them play, but it is a unique deal when you don't play somebody or haven't played them before. To play them on this stage, on a national stage, you know, it will be unique.

Q. I know you haven't had a lot of time to break down the Louisville squad yet, but what are some of the things that you all are thinking you need to do offensively and defensively to compete with the Cardinals?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Well, you know, No. 1, I think they are really good defensively. I think they play a lot like us in some of the things they like to do. Obviously you're dealing with an All-American in Durr that's just really hard to deal with.

Again, you have to be careful. If you take your focus away from someone else, there's someone else on that team that can go get 20 on you if you blink.

So you've got to be prepared for a total, total team, and so for us, we've really got to pay attention to detail. We've got to understand the scout. We've got three days to do that.

And then defensively, I know he's -- I've gone back and looked at historical things that he's done in the past with certain teams that might be similar to us, and so again, it's just going to be real important that we -- I call it coaching against a ghost. I'm always worried about what somebody might do. Well, that's what I'm worried about here because what he might do, he's done before. But just because he hasn't done it in the last ten games doesn't mean he won't do it against us.

So that's what makes a great coach, and a great staff, is whatever they have got in their defensive package or offensive package, that's what you're constantly worried about. I think they are so multiple in so many things they can do offensively and defensively, it's what makes them a great team, and Jeff a great coach.

Q. This nickname, Secretary of Defense, obviously you guy take a lot of pride as being a coach who stresses defense. What are the pillars of that philosophy?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Well, over the years, it's been a pressure, our ability to pressure the basketball and take away things that people want to do.

You know, it's become increasingly more difficult to have that philosophy, but we haven't changed. Back when three, four years ago, we had some little changes and some emphasis in hand shaking and things like that, if you notice across the country, there's a lot more zone being played.

I remember calling Johnnie in that day, saying, you know what, we are going to coach better and teach better. We've built a fan base here based on how hard our kids play, our toughness, our competitive spirit and I just don't think that we'd have the fan base we'd have right now if we were standing around in a 2-3 zone, and that's not to knock that. It may be great for someone else, but it's not what we hung our hat on around here, and I don't think -- I don't think we'd have 10,000 people come to see us play every night if that's what we were doing.

But it's what's been successful for me as a coach is our pressure man, and we pick up full court, we press the whole game. We just try to wear you down. You know, we've been really fortunate to have some great players here that have been able to provide that type of intensity. They embrace the fact that you have to play so hard.

Q. One question about Teaira McCowan. What difference does it make to have someone so talented and so tall? How much does that change the dynamic of everything?
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: Well, I'll answer that with just one simple comment. You can see the impact Teaira McCowan has on our team by how badly we missed her in the championship game of the Southeastern Conference tournament when she had two fouls in the first, you know, four, five minutes. I sat her down the entire first half pretty much and we're down 11 at the half, and we can't turn it around and make the comeback.

You see firsthand the impact she's had on our program. She's very impactful. She impacts the game both ends of the floor. It's not just the shots that she blocks. It's the ones she alters. It's the times that you think you're going to dribble penetrate and you look up and there's six, seven standing in the lane and you go, you know what, I think I'll turnaround here and get back out in the perimeter.

She obviously cleans up a lot of our mess when we miss shots. She's a very impactful player for us.

Q. Watching the game against UCLA, there was a point in the third quarter when Teaira thought she blocked a shot and she was called for a foul, and the official -- Teaira, I observed Teaira muttering under her breath, "that's not a foul," and Victoria, crossed the lane, come over from the left block to the right block, kind of, you know, calmed her down a little bit. You talked about Victoria's maturation as an offensive player, but can you talk a little bit about her maturation as a basketball player, as a teammate? No disrespect to her; I'm not sure she would have done that earlier in her career.
COACH VIC SCHAEFER: No question. I think this entire senior class, I told them back in August, and I've shared this with you all: The two things that would at the point us from this day, from the opportunity to be in the Final Four, would be our maturity and our leadership. Those were the two question marks I really felt like this team had and that we needed to address.

You know, seeing Toro do that really speaks volumes for her, her maturity, and her leadership. You know, it's an emotional game. I've got emotional players. You know what, I'm an emotional coach, so we're all passionate about what we do and how we do it. That was a great opportunity that Toro took upon herself to lead.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. I wanted to ask you about Stephanie Norman. She's obviously been there with you the whole time. I'm just curious what makes that dynamic with the two of you effective and has over the years? And the same way that Geno was asked for so many years about C.D. leaving, have you ever thought you were close to Stephanie leaving?
JEFF WALZ: First, I'll just start with Steph and I, our friendship. It's been 11 years that we've worked here together. We knew of each other before she became part of the staff 11 years ago, just from all the recruiting, all the travels that you do in this business. But it's not as though we were, so-called, real good friends. Then when I did get this job that was someone that I contacted and asked if she would be interested. She was looking for a new opportunity at that time. It's been a great 11-year relationship.

I consider Steph a friend. I considered her family a part of ours. It's been great. She knows what I'm looking for. We work extremely well together. She knows how I like to handle players, the type of players that we're trying to recruit. She understands it. She has a family of her own. She has two children, I have four, and sometimes you've got to run and take care of family things and we cover for each other.

It's just been a terrific working relationship. I'm not foolish enough to think that Steph could not go get a job whenever she wanted to. She's one of the best recruiters in the business. She's excellent with Xs and Os. She's had some opportunities. Some people have called her. She just hasn't felt like it's been the right opportunity, the right school.

We've had great success here and she enjoys winning. She loves to win. She knows she has a ton of freedom to do what she wants when it comes to recruiting, and even basketball. I count on my staff a great deal. I want them to have the confidence to be able to give their two cents and give their opinion. And as I tell them all the time, hey, I'm willing to listen to whatever you all suggest, as long as it works.

Q. I'm just wondering, when you took the job at Louisville, obviously they had some experience in the tournament, but nothing to the extent you've seen since you got there. Did you envision this level of success when you took over the program? I'm sure you want to achieve great things and go far. But to do what you've done in the time that you've been there compared to what happened before you, did you expect this level of success?
JEFF WALZ: I actually -- when I took the job here, I was just grateful to have been given the opportunity to be a head coach. I'm forever indebted to Tom Jurich. When Tom was here, he was the athletic director that hired me, I had applied at several other smaller jobs throughout my years, and could never even get an in-person interview. So when this opportunity came about and they reached out, I was like, hey, I'll take the job.

I can remember 11 years ago sitting in the Marriott downtown Louisville and Tom offered me the job, and he asked me, "What will it take?" And I said, "What do you mean?" He said, "What kind of salary?" I said, "I don't care. Are you offering me the job?" I said, "Yeah, I'll take it."

So I took the job, accepted it. Had a press conference before we even knew what a salary was going to be because I just wanted to get this opportunity to be a head coach. I would never take a job without the chance to think we could do some special things.

But to have the opportunity to play in four Elite Eights and now be in three Final Fours in 11 seasons, I wouldn't say that we thought that was going to happen. But as we've continued to build this program and recruit some special players and special families, it's been neat to see it develop and grow throughout the years.

Q. As a follow-up, as you mentioned Tom hiring you, obviously it's been somewhat of a tough year for the men's program. How has it been -- what has it been like? You share practice space with them and such, but just continuing to do what you do while also seeing your counterparts on the men's side go through some tough times this year. What's that been like for your program?
JEFF WALZ: Well, we're fortunate. We're in the same building, but they have their own practice facility. We have our own practice facility. The men's players are fantastic. Just wonderful young men. They'll stop by, swing by through the office. I've seen most of them this past few days that have come out and congratulated us. Their staff has come over to congratulate us.

You know, we all support each other. It's what it's about in college athletics. There is going to be some change that is going to be made here on our men's side. I wish David the best because I enjoyed the relationship that I had to get to know him over the past few years, and their entire staff. I mean, it's the tough part of the job, but it's been good here.

The men's program has been fantastic to us. I had a wonderful relationship for ten years with Coach Pitino. I consider Coach a friend. I wish him nothing but the best. I'm looking forward to seeing him hopefully get back in the game, because I think he's good for the game, and he's a fantastic coach. I wish David and the entire staff nothing but the best.

Q. Your match-up with big Teaira McCowan, the 6'7" kid, there are not too many people that can match-up with her. How difficult a task do you think that will be?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I'm hoping Vic decides to drive the bus and makes a wrong turn somewhere. So if we can have that happen, I'll feel much better.

No, the thing about them, Teaira and Victoria, they get most of the attention on that ballclub. But you've got to have five, six players that can play and score at this time of the year, and that's what they have. So, sure, you've got T averaging 18 points, about 14 boards a night. Victoria's actually close to 20 and 7. It goes down. Just phenomenal team, and that's what it's all about.

So we're going to have our hands full. We know that. We're going to try to come up with a plan and figure out what we can do to try to slow them down.

You aren't going to stop them. That's one thing I can tell you for sure. There is no stopping Vic and that offense, and the way his kids can shoot and shoot the basketball and score. So it's going to be can we score? And that's one of the things that we're going to talk about today and continue to work on. Our offensive efficiency has to be very good in order for us to win and compete on Friday night.

Q. One thing you said about the balanced scoring, that's one thing that you've had going for you lately. I know you've had a run in the tournament and you've been playing really, really well. You've found the right mix of your players and they're scoring. How do you feel about that going into this game?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I really like how we're playing right now. I like what we're doing at the offensive end. I like how we're sharing the basketball, we're making the extra pass. We're really getting downhill towards the basket, trying to get tempo, and that's what we have to continue to do. I don't want bad shots, but I do want the ball moving, I do want us playing quick.

Q. Every team has an identity. Just wondering, the people of Columbus, what are they going to see from the Cards? What do you guys hang your hat on?
JEFF WALZ: Well, you're going to see a ballclub that's going to come out and compete. That's one thing we containing a lot of pride in. We don't ever look past the game in front of us. We look at that next game, which is, for us, the Mississippi State game. We're very fortunate that we play our home games and we average close to 9 to 10,000 every single night. And I tell our kids every time before we go out on the floor, it's our job as coaches, as marketing people to get the fans to show up. It's their job to make sure they want to come back. So they take a lot of pride in that.

It's not always the scoreboard because we've lost some games at home. It's not just beating somebody, it's how you play. I think what you'll see on Friday night is a group of young women who will go out there and play hard for 40 minutes.

I tell them all the time, don't worry about the scoreboard. The scoreboard will normally take care of itself, if you give great effort and execute for 40 minutes.

Q. As a follow-up, you're known for your defense, and so is Mississippi State. What are the concerns when you have two teams that just go after it and press, and really get after it defensively? Is it the offense doesn't drop off? You talked about efficiency. Is that, as a coach, when you have two scrappy teams, the offense you have to keep a special eye on that?
JEFF WALZ: No, I mean, I'm not really concerned about that. I know everybody's saying, hey, we both guard, we both get after it. Vic's averaging 82 points a game right now, and I think we're in the mid to high 70s. So I could just as well see an extremely high-scoring game on Friday night, because I know Vic's probably saying the same thing to his crew that, hey, we have to score. We have to continue to score in order to win.

You look at his four NCAA Tournament games, they're 95, 71, 71, 89. So they continue to put points on the board, and that's what we're going to have to try and do. We'll obviously guard and so will they. But I think it's going to be try to focus on scoring the ball.

Q. You've kind of discussed already the match-ups. You've never played this team before. Maybe you could talk about what are the differences between the playing styles of your team out of Mississippi State?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I see a lot of similarities in the way we both play. We're both trying to get the tempo of the game going. We both like to push the ball. We're willing to shoot the three. But at the same time, we are looking to try to go inside out.

Now I don't have Teaira in there at 6'7", but I've got four players that play in the post fourth that might not necessarily be the back to the basket, but we can make post moves when needed. We like to face-up, shoot it from 15 to 18 feet. So it's going to be different challenges for both teams.

But I think the guard play is extremely strong. Like I said, we both have the ability to knock down threes. I just think it's going to be a great basketball game.

Q. You've had such a momentous season this year. Did you see that coming into the season, and what do you think contributed to all the Cardinals coming together the way they have this season?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I think first off our locker room is as good as it's ever been. We have everybody that's actually excited for each other. There is nobody just kind of out for their own. If things aren't going well for them, they're going to try to get a teammate to jump on their bus. We're all in this to try to have the most successful season as we can.

You can just go back and look at some of our games. You look at some of the shots that Asia Durr makes at the end of quarters, and the bench is jumping off the bench to come congratulate her.

Then I go to our ACC Tournament, where Asia played well, but she did not make first team or second team All-ACC Tournament. And when they're passing out those awards and we're on the stage there, and they announce Myisha Hines-Allen as the tournament MVP, Asia was the first one to give her a hug. Asia was the first one to congratulate her because these kids don't care. All they want to do is win.

Everybody knows there could be somebody else each night, and that's what makes it as special as it is because they truly care about each other.

We haven't necessarily had it to that degree in the past. Now I think with the players that have decided to be here and want to be here, it's remarkable. My life has been better. I've been able to go home and enjoy my family. I don't have to worry about what somebody's going to do or what they might not say. It's just been good, good character people. It's remarkable. It's just been one of the most enjoyable years that I've had.

I tell people all the time. They think I'm crazy. The year we went 14-18 here, and I had Shelby Harper as my point guard who was a walk-on, that was one of my enjoyable years. I tell you, in the top two or three.

Just the character of the kids and winning games, that's why I say this -- and I want to make sure I said it, it's not just all about winning 35, 36 games, whatever our record is -- because that 14-18 year, I have as many fond memories of that team as I do this team.

Q. I wanted to ask you, how does the potent back court match-up with Mississippi State's defense?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I'll tell you that about 9:00 on Friday night I'm hoping that our offense can handle their defense. It's going to be a great basketball game. We all have strengths. I know what Morgan Williams can do on the ball. I know Blair plays unbelievable weakside defense. She takes as many charges as anybody I've seen on film.

They're just a really, really good basketball team. They're very well coached. They make it difficult for you. But we're going to come in with a game plan and try to relieve some of that pressure and see if we can't take advantage of a few things.

Q. How much of a factor will Asia Durr have on this game coming up?
JEFF WALZ: I hope a lot. The more factor she has, the more influence she has, the better it is for me.

Q. You guys played one of the great games against a great center a few years back with Brittney Griner and Baylor and beating them. I'm not asking you to give me your whole game plan against Teaira McCowan, obviously. But when you're facing a good player like that, you have very good post players, but somebody with that strength and who is that big, do you sort of go in saying we have three or four different things that we're going to try and say we'll see how they work and have those adjustments ready? Is that how you approach somebody who comes with that much size and strength?
JEFF WALZ: Yes, you have to in my opinion. You know, if our option A works, fantastic. You know, we can stick with it. But if option A does not work, you have to have plan B.

I laugh all the time. I tell my staff I always have a plan A and a plan B. We were either going to be in Columbus playing in a Final Four or I was going on a ski trip Thursday. So I just cancelled my ski trip yesterday because we're going to Columbus to play. So it's just the same way that we coach.

If plan A is not going to work, you have to have plan B. And with as talented a player as Teaira is, we're going to most likely have to have a plan C also.

Q. If I could follow up on that just about the plans. You're known as a great strategic coach, but in the past few years, and even the last year or so, there's been more data available in terms of advanced stats, different things you can look toward. How much have you utilized that to increase your preparation, or has that meant anything?
JEFF WALZ: You know what? I really haven't used much of that. I know there is a lot of it out there. A lot of it is way over my head. I just found out one of our local reporters said he had a friend that's at MIT that does all the stats for men's and women's basketball and said, our regional semifinal and final game, we never let either team go on more than a three-point run, which is pretty impressive. Knowing with the three-point shot, they never made back-to-back baskets in two consecutive games.

Now I don't know if that's true, but that's what he told me, which is something I'm going to be able to go relay to our players today when we practice, just about the effort they gave and the focus. Because at this time of the year, I tell everybody, it's all about momentum. It's not about your seeding. We're all number one seeds. It's all about momentum, and momentum during the game. Do you let yourself -- if you get the momentum, are you able to go on a 10-0 run or do you get it to a 14-0 run, or is it something where it's 4-0, and you've got to breakaway and you make a bad pass, and it goes out of bounds and now Mississippi State gets the ball and comes down and scores.

So we've been very fortunate these four games where we've had the momentum on our side that we've really run with it. And that's what we've got to continue to focus on.

Q. I asked this of this team this year, which has been very important, but may not get some of the attention of some of the other aspects of Louisville, the guard play of Arica Carter, and Dana Evans this year as a point guard. Just talk about what they mean to this team this year?
JEFF WALZ: Yeah, Arica and Dana have done a fantastic job for us. I think that's one of the biggest differences also from last year's team to this year's team. You know, Taylor Johnson and Briahanna Jackson were our point guards last year and did a fantastic job. Defensively they were probably better right now because they were seniors, fifth-year seniors. But offensively is where things have changed for us.

Arica Carter is shooting close to 40% from three. Dana Evans is able to penetrate. Has a great pull-up jumpshot. Has the ability to knock down threes. So because both of those are able to score, I think it's really put more pressure on the defenses.

Q. As a quick follow-up, one of your assistant coaches, Michelle Clark-Heard named assistant coach at Cincinnati. Your thoughts on that?
JEFF WALZ: Just really excited about Michelle. I knew she had worked there. And Michelle and I have been friends for 20 years. She's done a remarkable job down at Western Kentucky, how she brought that program back into winning conference championships, playing in the NCAA Tournament. And now having worked in Cincinnati before and being originally from Louisville, it keeps her close to home and family. But will give her a new challenge.

But I expect Michelle to do extremely well. I just think she's a wonderful person and will do great at Cincinnati.

Q. When you think about Mississippi State and the job that Vic Schaefer has done, what stands out to you? And how is he thought of within the profession?
JEFF WALZ: I think Vic's very well liked. I can just speak for myself, I think Vic's a great guy. I think he does a fantastic job. I actually consider Vic to be a friend, someone that I can pick up the phone and talk to. I'm hoping to get a chance to see him tonight and visit with him.

They're just very well coached. He's done a fantastic job recruiting. We actually recruited Victoria Vivians also, and he did a great job of getting her there. Then he's done a remarkable job of recruiting around, and that's what you do. You fill in pieces. He's really filled in his pieces well.

It should be a great basketball game. All these games should be outstanding. We know we're going to have to play our best. And we're looking forward to it.

Q. How would you describe Vic's personality?
JEFF WALZ: Vic, I think he's outgoing. I think he's got a great personality. He enjoys life. He's someone that's going to make the most of the moment. I think we have a lot of similarities.

We put a lot of time, a lot of hard work and dedication into what we do. But at the same time you want to make sure you enjoy it. We're getting the opportunity to go back to our third Final Four here in 11 years. It's not easy. I'm going to make sure my players enjoy every second of it. I want to make sure my staff enjoys every second of it.

We'll be ready to play, there is no question about it. But there is no sense to sit in your room or sit in a hotel and not get a chance to soak in what Columbus has to offer, especially as your host city for the Final Four.

Q. You talked a little bit about how this is going to be your first time playing Mississippi State. I'm wondering what that does to your coaching staff who is already under a time crunch, and I'm assuming hasn't been getting much sleep this tournament and stuff like that. But how does that change the process and preparation for you guys?
JEFF WALZ: No, it really doesn't change anything, because we had the same situation with playing Stanford and then Oregon State. We hadn't played either of those two teams before, so it was a first.

So it was just a matter of breaking down film. We all jump in this together. We'll break down as many as we can. Look for tendencies and look for things that we can hopefully try to attack. But it's fun. It's the fun part of the job. I say it all the time. In 2006 when I was on staff at Maryland and we won the National Championship, it was an awesome experience. But at the same time, we played North Carolina in the semis who we had played twice during the regular season.

Then we played Duke for the championship, which we had played three times, I think, because I think they beat us in the ACC finals or semifinals that year. Sew sometimes it's exciting when you play somebody you haven't played, because it is a fresh set of eyes and new scout and new challenges.

Q. I was curious about Myisha Hines-Allen. I know when she signed out of high school, you had to check in with her daily to make sure he was staying on top of school. And there were questions about if she played hard all the time and if she knew what that meant. What was her path from that point to who she is now?
JEFF WALZ: Well, it's been a remarkable journey. She is an absolute joy to coach and to have a part of our program. She'll go down as one of the best players that's ever played here. She had 2000 points and 1000 rebounds, and you're looking at Angel McCoughtry is the only other player to have done that. When you're up there with her, that's pretty good company to be hanging with.

It has been a journey. You go from somebody that out of high school we had the challenge of academically, work ethic-wise. But she wanted guidance. She wanted structure. And when she got here, she's really flourished.

As the years have gone on, she's gotten better. She's gotten more focused. Now she's playing some of the best basketball that she's ever played, and that's a testament to her. She's been on our AD honor role, which I believe is a 3.0 or above for six of her seven semesters that she's finished. She's in her eighth semester right now. We're hoping she can repeat that.

This is a kid that had to get focused and get dialed in to be able to get into college, to be able to play. And now with the structure that we've been able to give her and the support, she is thriving both in the classroom and on the basketball court.

Q. Obviously you played UCONN this year. UCONN, it's the team that's between you and two possible National Championships previously. But as you look at them, is what Geno has done and what they've done, have they been good for women's basketball, or have they sort of like taken away from everybody else? What is your view on that?
JEFF WALZ: They're absolutely great for women's basketball. My only question is when Alabama goes to play for a National Championship, are you all calling down there and asking them if they're bad for the game because they beat the crap out of somebody 66-30 starting off the year? They sweep through the SEC, beating the tar out of everybody. Do they call down there and say, man, they're bad for the game? No.

It's just what everybody does because nobody wants to see somebody, I guess, have excellence like they've had. Actually it's getting to a point now where it's like, guys, should he just lose to make all of you happy or what? They've done a remarkable job. Give credit where credit is due.

No, it's not bad for the game. Nobody was saying when John Wooden was winning 10 in a row and all that stuff that UCLA was bad for the men's game. It's really just a shame that people can't enjoy and appreciate how good they are. I mean, it's pretty darn impressive.

I mean, they show up every single night. He gets great players, which, I mean, it's what we're all trying to do. But what is more remarkable is how consistent they play every single night. So, no. If anybody thinks they're bad for the game, stop watching the gym. Go try to watch a paddle board game or something, go watch checkers, because if you can't appreciate it, then, please don't even cover it.

Q. How high is that bar that everybody's trying to get to? Obviously, when Geno got into it, it was Tennessee everybody was chasing. Have you seen just the women's game elevated by chasing that bar, so to speak?
JEFF WALZ: Well, of course. There is no question about it. We had a great ballgame at their place. We came out, stunk it up in the first quarter, continued to battle and fight. I think we lose by 12 or 13. They had a great game in the Final Four last year with Mississippi State.

So it's a great challenge. It's fun. We're all sitting here, as you said, we're sitting here with two runner ups that I would have loved to have had a National Championship. But I'm not sitting here going, man, I wish UCONN didn't exist so we could have won. Well, somebody else may have beaten us.

So it's just a credit for what Geno has done and how he's continued to build that program. I admire it and respect it.

Q. You all played them as tough as anyone. But what do you remember from them back in February that sticks out in your mind when I bring them up right now?
JEFF WALZ: Well, they score. They score the basketball. That's what I tell everybody all the time. In order to beat UCONN, you have to score the basketball. Their defense is as good as it is because their offense is so good. You go on a two-minute, three-minute drought, and they've scored 8 to 10 points. So because they're able to score it as well as they do, that puts pressure on your offense, just as much as their defense puts pressure on you. So at times you've got to figure out a way just to slow them down so you don't have as much pressure on yourself to score every possession.

Q. You were talking about Dana. The one thing I remember about Dana coming out of high school is she was one of those kids that was all score, score, score. She had to do everything for her team as far as shoot the ball. What kind of things did you instill in her to get her to be more of a pass-first point guard? And on the defense, she does a great job.
JEFF WALZ: You know what? She has been a joy to coach. I've got a great -- I've built a great relationship with her. I keep telling her she has a chance to be an elite point guard at this level, and it is different for her.

She averaged 36 points a game last year in high school. Now it's about teaching her about efficiency. Teaching her, hey, I want you to be able to get to the point where you're getting 16, 17 points a night. But with that being said, I want you to do it with taking 15, 16 shots a game, and that's the difference.

In high school, when you're the player sometimes and you have to do that, you have to score in the 30s, well, you might be taking 25 or 30 shots a game. You know, that's kind of what I like to show our players is don't just look at how many points somebody's scoring, but look at how efficient they're able to do it. Because it doesn't impress me if you can score 25 points a game, but you're taking 41, 42 shots a game. I could do that. Well, you probably couldn't. I've seen you play (laughing). You know I'm kidding.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Hi, good morning. Gabby and Kia, I was in that locker room with you guys last year after the Mississippi State game when a lot of you guys were talking about wanting to remember how this felt and bringing it forward to the next season. Do you want to tap in to how you felt in that locker room last year when you take the court?
KIA NURSE: I mean, yeah, I think that's something that is not easily forgotten, something that you shouldn't forget and you can use to a certain extent in the right way. But I think at the same time, as we step on the court this time around and we go out, we're focused on what we need to do to execute and be successful offensively and defensively against the Fighting Irish.

GABBY WILLIAMS: Yeah, I mean, just what Kia said. We're just going to be focused on tomorrow. I think we've been trying to tap in to that all year. It's not something we're just going to bring up just at the Final Four. It's something we've been remembering throughout the entire year.

But it's a completely different game plan tomorrow. We're just going to focus on having a good practice today.

Q. For both of you, do you think, as a team -- now, some teams come out, and they can play with a lot of -- when they're really emotional, they play better; and when they're not really emotional, they don't quite have that energy. In some ways, you guys are kind of the opposite that you're better off when you're just calm and not a real emotional team?
KIA NURSE: I would say to a certain extent we always come out with a type of emotion, and you can see it in a lot of the plays. You can see it in a lot of the celebrations we have, celebrating each other's success. But at the same time, there's a fine balance and a fine line between being a calm and under control team, controlling the tempo to what you want it to be in order to be successful with your game plan.

GABBY WILLIAMS: Yeah, I don't know. I don't think it's necessarily that. It's just the right kind of emotion. It's not having no emotion or having emotion. It's just having the right kind of emotion. Like she said, as long as you can be emotional and excited for your teammates and celebrating and passionate about what you're doing, but if you have it under control, then you can use it to your advantage.

Q. For both you guys, you played Notre Dame back in December. It was a really good game. They were up double digits in the fourth quarter. You came back and won it. I remember after South Carolina, you played them, and it was a 25-point win. What do you learn from that? I'm sure this one was fresh in your mind. They gave you a pretty good challenge. What did you learn from that game that will help you tomorrow?
KIA NURSE: I think there's a number of things. Every time we play Notre Dame, they come out and give a good fight. They compete, and it's a competitive game for a full 40 minutes. So for us, it's a matter of learning from what we could execute better, what we could have been better defensively from that game, but also understanding that we're at a different point in the season, and hopefully we've cleaned up a lot of those little things we wanted to be better at.

GABBY WILLIAMS: Yeah, it's a team that we're very familiar with each other. We've played each other a lot throughout these years. There's nothing we can do that's going to surprise them. There's nothing they're going to do that's going to surprise us. We've just played them so many times.

So like Coach said, whoever plays better tomorrow is going to win.

Q. Gabby, the game against Notre Dame was kind of a tough game for you. You weren't feeling well. I mean, it was a little bit of a struggle. I'm just wondering if -- how much that game -- sort of you came out of that saying, hey, I don't want to go through that kind of thing again?
GABBY WILLIAMS: Yeah, that wasn't a fun game for me. Just trying to put it behind me and just, you know, let the game come to me tomorrow and just be fresh, have a fresh mind, and just be ready for it.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. We'll take questions for Coach Auriemma.

Q. There was a stretch a few years back when this will be the fourth meeting of the season between you guys. It was the 16th game in four years. You can probably call their plays for them and they can call your plays for you. Is this easier now in a sense that you played them once this year, but it was three months ago, and it isn't the fourth time? There isn't this extra rivalry crap that we bring up for you.
GENO AURIEMMA: I spoke with Muffet last night at an event for the four teams. We talked about exactly that, that -- she said, I don't even think about you guys anymore until it's time to play you, whereas before it was a constant. No matter what else was happening, you knew there was a possibility that you were going to play each other four times, and it just -- you're right. Like 16 games in such a short period of time, to the point where now it does, obviously, seem way different.

It does seem easier, I think, on the coaches to not have to constantly be confronted with Notre Dame this, Notre Dame that, Connecticut this, Connecticut that. We have our players competing against their players for Player of the Year, or whatever the case may have been back in those days.

But they're not going away. They've been around for a long time. We're not going away. So in one sense, I'm thrilled that it's at a whole different level, but she knows and I know we're always there and they're always there. The neat thing about it is after every game in December now, I just say to her all the time, I'll see you in March. Because I know, if I see you in March, it's going to be in the Final Four. So that's cool.

Q. Geno, could you talk a bit about Crystal's evolution. I think last year you were saying for her, the basket is a rumor and that kind of stuff. Obviously, she came back with a lot of confidence this year. What sort of changed? And I think you were saying the other night, when she is feeling the worst with her shin splints, is it literally that she can't practice?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, she doesn't practice. I mean, there was -- I bet you it's been a month where we go to practice -- well, when's the last time we played South Carolina before the other night?

Q. Early February?
GENO AURIEMMA: Okay. So from February 1 until now, it's been off and on the whole time. If we're working on something half-court, she'll come out, and she'll be involved. The minute we start going up and down, she's over on the bike.

So it's really difficult to maintain any sense of the rhythm that you're in, that you need to be in. And I was really -- I mean, I felt for her because going back to November and December, there wasn't any guard in America playing way better than her. She was unbelievable in what she was doing. I think she would have been able to sustain it. Unfortunately, it doesn't play out that way.

But where she was the other night, that's the kid that we recruited. That's the kid that I saw. We saw glimpses of it last year in the Baylor game as a freshman. And after the game, she's being interviewed by all of you. The room was full. Big game, national television. And she's like, yeah, I like to think I'm a big game player. I'll never forget that quote. I didn't realize she meant one big game a year, you know (laughter).

But that was kind of a glimpse of this is what I can do. This is where she gets an opportunity to prove that.

Q. Geno, over the past decade or two, if you want, how have you seen the women's game change, evolve, and how have you adapted to that change?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, I mean, it's interesting that it goes in cycles, and there's ebbs and flows to the game. There was a time when the Final Four was limited to certain schools. It's like college football, you know. Like the preseason top 7, four of those teams are going to the playoffs. You kind of knew, all right, these teams are going to be at least in the final eight and probably get to the Final Four. And then every once in a while, you'd have somebody sneak in, and then it would be right back to all the No. 1 seeds, and they were always the same. And then somebody would sneak in.

And then all of a sudden, two years ago, you had three teams that had never been there, and you go, wow, maybe this is the future. And now we're right back to four No. 1 seeds. Except two of the No. 1 seeds are not your traditional Final Four teams in the last 15 years.

So the game has changed where more people have access to the Final Four, more people have access to the regional finals, the regionals. So that means the game has grown, and it's grown in every part of the country instead of just certain parts of the country, like it used to be when I first started. It still has miles to go, long way to go.

It's our job, I think, to help push it in that direction. And all you can do is hope that the kids coming out of high school really appreciate all the work that's been done to make it possible for them to have an opportunity to play in this environment. Our first Final Four, we played on a college campus, and there was 8,500 people at the game and one TV station. People see you walk around town and go, Where you visiting from?

Oh, we're here to play a Final Four game.

What's that?

You know, so it's come a long way in some respects, but we've got so far to go, which is kind of exciting, to be honest with you. And the level of talent is off the charts. Way off the charts.

Q. Geno, what was the most exotic trip you guys took in '85 and '86? And number two, following up on that, you guys have played in all four corners of the country this year. You played in the middle of the country. I think you went to Italy preseason. I think you might have played in Canada. How has that helped prepare this team for like a tournament -- for what you face in a tournament?
GENO AURIEMMA: My first year, what would be the most exotic trip? Pittsburgh? You know, it was like back in -- we were like revolutionary war. We have to go to Ft. Pitt and fight off the French and Indians or something, I don't know, back in the day. And we bussed everywhere, and everyone threw $10 on the table and said, Okay, how much can we eat with that total for the whole team?

It seems like almost another century ago, and now this year we're in Europe for ten days in August, we're at UCLA, then we fly up to Oregon and then we go to Nevada. We're in Florida a couple times. We're in Texas a couple times. We go to Chicago. I mean, it's ridiculous.

I think in some ways the players were really innocent back then. So every little thing was a big deal. And today, I don't know what fazes them. I don't know what makes them go wow, except this does. So all that stuff that we do, I think our kids appreciate it. But they've come to kind of expect that. But when they get to this, that's when it really pops for them. So all those other trips are great, but nothing compares to this.

Q. You were just talking about how far the game has come. Every year about this time of year, we read or hear from somebody about how far the game has not come, what's good for it and what's not, even though they may not have seen all that many games. How do you deal with that? What goes through your head when you read and hear that kind of stuff?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, when I see somebody weigh in on our game, that would be like me weighing in on and doing a 30-minute piece on ESPN on curling. I don't know shit about curling. I know it looks cool on TV. I don't know nothing about it. So the same people could have won curling for the last 50 years, and I have no idea.

So there's people that have never seen a women's game, have never talked to a women's basketball player or women's basketball coach, and they have an opinion at this time of the year, and their opinion usually involves Connecticut. So how are we bad for the game when we made you pay attention even that much? And you never used to pay attention. The fact that you're giving it negative attention, well, you took time out of your really busy day because no one else will talk to you, to comment on our game. So that, it makes me like kind of, yeah, you're as stupid as I thought you were.

Then the younger me wants to respond publicly, or privately, and then me, my age, goes, Why would you respond to that? So I just hold it in and just kind of move along and wait for a guy I'm friends with to ask me so I can tell him how I really feel.

Q. Two questions. How many times have you explicitly asked your kids to tap in to that feeling they had in the locker room after Mississippi State last year? And do you make an effort to try and bring something new to this experience for the kids that have been here a few times? Do you try to find something, an angle or something, so it's a new experience in some way?
GENO AURIEMMA: The Mississippi State game for me ended when the buzzer went off, and I never gave it another minute's thought. There's only been a couple times in practice this year when I brought it up, and never in the sense of trying to motivate them or try to elicit some kind of motivation about revenge or anything like that.

If we had lost three straight times in the semifinals in the Final Four and those kids had never won a National Championship that played in that game, maybe my response would have been way different. So for me, it began -- it ended the minute the buzzer went off.

For our players, God bless them. I love every one of my players. They're like the nicest kids on the planet, and when they tell you, yeah, we'll never forget how we felt. Seriously. They couldn't remember what time we said practice was this afternoon. So when we play the game tomorrow, it will be something that they will remember. But up until now, I haven't seen one shred of evidence that, wow, they're carrying this around them.

When we lost in 2001 to Notre Dame, and Shea didn't play, and Svetlana didn't play, and we had two All-Americans sitting out due to injuries and we were up a bunch because we lost, when Sue and Dee and Asia and Tamika and Swin, when they showed up September 1, the first day of school, the look in their eyes, and every day that I saw them walking around campus, in my office, at practice, in the locker room, there was a look like somebody every day is going to pay for what happened last year. You could feel it. I don't get that. I don't see any of that.

Q. Geno, we didn't really talk about it on Monday in Albany, but you've passed Wooden's record for Final Fours in a row with 11 and passed record of overall with 19. I know you hate talking about history from that standpoint, but do you still carry the Wooden book around with you in your briefcase? Perspective-wise, 11 straight Final Fours is something no one has ever done before, and 19 total, what does that mean to you as a coach?
GENO AURIEMMA: That book that I had in my briefcase, I happened to be reading it at the time, and I happened to be carrying it around, and I put it in my briefcase. I would read a little bit of it at a time and kind of look at it every once in a while. Some of it was because it reminded me of a bunch of stuff when I was a kid in high school, playing basketball, and watching them play in the NCAA Tournament. It almost had nothing to do with where I was at that point in time as a coach and where their program was and all that.

And it wasn't until almost after the fact that I started to really pay attention and started to go, man, I can't tell you how many things are in this that they did that we did and are doing. The players that they had, the players that we have. The circumstances that they were winning under, the circumstances that we're winning under. God rest his soul, I'm glad Coach Wooden never had to go through the nonsense he'd have to go through today if he was doing what he did. Everybody just left him alone and said, yeah, he's the greatest coach of all time and that's the greatest program of all time and they left it at that.

I gave that book to a friend of mine who really admired Coach Wooden, so I don't have it anymore. And all these other records and all this other stuff, it's when I'm reminded of that stuff, it really makes me incredulous that that could happen. It really does.

Q. Coach, I was just wondering, you know, we talk about it just about every year when you guys are here, just people seeming to chirp up and saying that you guys are boring or that it's bad for the sport, and I know some people say it to a smaller degree when it comes to people like the New England Patriots or Alabama football. But just what is it about great teams, and especially great teams in women's athletics, that people just want to slander them for whatever reason? Is there any -- do you have any thought process on that at all?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, the easy answer is when you don't understand something, you either have two choices: One, just want to learn more about it. Don't comment on it until you do; or, two, you automatically don't like it. So you have to comment that you don't like it.

The other easy answer is we live in a sexist world, that no matter how much you want to pretend that we're not, pretend we've made progress, pretend that things are way better, every opportunity that that segment gets to take a shot at a women's accomplishment, they're going to do it. They're going to do it. And the interesting part is it doesn't happen that much, almost never, in individual sports.

I've not read too much about Serena being bad for women's tennis. Last time I checked, she wins most of them when she's healthy and ready to go. I've not read too much about Roger Federer is really bad for men's tennis. The only time he doesn't win is when he doesn't win, which is not often.

I remember when people, when Tiger was just destroying the PGA field and people were saying that guy's terrible for golf. No one else can compete.

So it's directed at us specifically, women's team sports, and especially college kids, not even pros, and it's directed at them. And to me, like, what do you gain by that? The natural reaction is you want to respond and lash out and come back at them. And that's probably the worst thing that you can do, but I know it's hard not to.

So the way we respond to it, how we deal with it, we just say, look, this is what we do for a living. We coach as hard as we can. We get our kids to do stuff that's really hard to do. We get them to do it better than anybody else has done it ever, and those kids are entitled to the kind of success that they have, and people should appreciate what they do. Plain and simple.

Q. Geno, you talked about how the game has changed certainly over the last 15 years or so. Every few years, you'll say to us it gets tougher and tougher, something about the kids or whatever. Yet maybe the game has changed, maybe the kids have changed to some degree, but the level of excellence and the consistency over such a period of time doesn't change. Can you put your finger on why you've been able to do that?
GENO AURIEMMA: Again, there's easy answers to all of these questions, and I could go and give you the same easy answer that those people we were just talking about would give you and why they're bad for the game. It's because every single player coming out of high school goes to Connecticut. No other good player goes to any other school in America. I don't know how Walz and Muffet and Vic got here if we have all the best players. So Connecticut has all the best players in America. Everybody else we play against is a terrible player. That explains our success. That's the easy answer.

The true answer is we get the kind of kids that fit exactly what we want, what we do, and how we do things. That doesn't mean they weren't the best players coming out of high school. For sure, they were. But we've been very, very fortunate, for the most part, to get those kids that come out of high school and they want to be coached the way I coach, and they're not afraid to walk into our building, look up at the walls, see those names and see those banners and go, I got this. I'm not intimidated by it. What else can I say?

Q. Hi, Geno. Could you tell me a little bit about Kia's personality. She seems to have such an adult-like presence for your team. How much of her personality has really evolved over four years? Did she come to you as a pretty polished person?
GENO AURIEMMA: You know, when you grow up in the family that Kia grew up in, one, you'd better grow up fast because everyone in that family is high intensity, high achievers. You've got a mom that played in college. You've got a dad that played professional football. You've got a brother playing in the NHL. You've got a sister that played college basketball. So you'd better grow up fast.

And the other part is you also understand what it's like to be the other person for a long time in your family. And when she got to Connecticut as a freshman, it was she's the other kid on the team.

When you think about the iconic players we had on our team when she got here as a freshman, it was like probably being in her own family. Everybody ahead of her was a superstar in their own right. And it was for her, hey, I've grown up with this.

And little by little, each year, she's been able to take on a little bit bigger role, but she's never forgotten that it's still about how do you play your role to the best of your ability and not try to be something else. So she makes more shots now than she did. She's more confident now than she used to be because she knows she's earned it.

She came to the sidelines in the Notre Dame game freshman year at Notre Dame in a crazy, crazy environment, and she would just take the ball and put her head down and go to the basket, either score or get fouled, and she was playing like way above her years as a freshman. And walked over to the sideline, and I asked her a question, and she looked me in the eye, and she couldn't speak. Literally, she's like that. And I went, by the way, you're playing great. I'd hate to see if you're playing lousy.

And in her mind, like I can't believe I'm doing this. This is my first year. I'm playing as good as, maybe even better, than the superstars that I admire. Well, now she doesn't look like that anymore. Like, I belong here. I'm one of the older guys. This is what I do. I've earned it. I'm thrilled for her. She deserves it.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have today.

GENO AURIEMMA: Thanks, everybody.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. For Myisha, these teams are very, very similar in a lot of ways, but what are the biggest differences you see between yourselves and Mississippi State?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: When we watch film, I don't really see like a big difference. They run kind of the same plays that we do. They want to push the ball, but they're really good at half-court sets too. So there's not a lot of differences. They have a true post player in Teaira McCowan, and me, Sam, Bionca, and Kylee are your nontraditional post players. I would say personnel would be the only difference, but we run the same kind of plays.

Q. Myisha, you've been around Coach now for four years. Just what have you learned from him? What of his personality has rubbed off on you guys? And what's the best thing you've learned?
JEFF WALZ: How much time does she have? Where do you want to start?

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Yeah, right?

JEFF WALZ: Oh, man, that was a good one. I'm laughing. That was funny.

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: No, he's just a competitor, and I think we've all taken away from that, got that from him. But I mean, yeah, he's a competitor. He loves to fight.

JEFF WALZ: That's all I get, Doug.

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: That's all you get.

JEFF WALZ: Thank you.

Q. Myisha, how does your game change when you're playing a true post player? And how do you compensate for the height difference?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: We've played different post players already that have been taller than us, but it's your competitiveness. If you want to fight, if you want to just complain and say, oh, she's taller than me. I can't get around her. I can't box her out. I can't play defense on her. Then you shouldn't be here.

But we've earned the right to be here, so we're going to fight and try our hardest.

Q. Asia, how do you stay consistent in your preparation and what you've done all year when you're in such a new experience with so many things coming at you?
ASIA DURR: It's been the same thing that we've been doing from day one, from the first game. So, yeah, it's the Final Four. We truly appreciate it. But I mean, if you just think about it, it's just another game. That's what we're all trying to think about. We're just trying to have fun. We're all in, but this is just another game for us.

Q. Arica, my question for you is: What is the key for you guys to be successful tomorrow against a team, as we said, is sort of the mirror image of you guys? What are the keys you have to do to be successful and come out with the win?
ARICA CARTER: I feel like we have to stay within ourselves. Even though we're very much alike, we do have some differences. So I think we have to stay within ourselves and play hard, get all the 50-50 balls, and try to frustrate them as much as we can.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. We'll start right up here with questions for Coach Walz.

Q. Jeff, when Vic was in here, he was saying that you could pretty much flip-flop and coach each other's teams. That's how similar he thinks your teams are. What do you think about that?
JEFF WALZ: I would agree with that. After going back and watching his teams play, and knowing Vic -- you know, I consider Vic a friend, and I know how he does things. He demands the best from his players. He challenges his players. But at the same time, it's what we do here at Louisville, but the same thing is done that -- players want to be coached. Great players want to be pushed to be great, as long as they know you love them off the floor and you care about them. And that's what I know Vic's players feel. I know my players feel that same thing. It's about building relationships and building trust. It's not about being their best friend. It's not what we're here to do. I treat them like their my own kids.

There are times that my own four don't like me very much, but that's called parenting, and there's some good times and some bad times. I feel that we do things pretty much the same way. I think he's got really tough kids that are going to come and compete, and I truly believe we have tough kids. That's a process. It's not something that a lot of them just come in with. It's something that they learn throughout their time with us.

Q. You've been here before. Your first time at the Final Four, did you think that you really understood how difficult it is to get here in the first place and how hard it is to get back? And kind of will you just talk about how difficult it is to get here.
JEFF WALZ: Yes, I knew -- I know exactly how difficult it is. The one thing -- in '06 at Maryland, when we made it to the Final Four, I got a phone call from a good friend of mine, Lyndon Wiese, who used to be an assistant at Texas Tech, that said, Before you go up, make sure you enjoy it. Enjoy every second of it. Don't sit in your hotel room and watch film. The film's not going to change. You've already done all your preparation. Make sure your kids are prepared. Make sure you know what you're doing, which obviously you're not here if you don't. Practice the way you practice, but enjoy the rest of it.

That's one thing I try to do with our players. I want them to enjoy what's going on around here because I do know how hard it is to get back. I never take it for granted. I don't sit here and think that, hey, we'll be back next year. We'll be back the year after that. You just never know when that opportunity is coming again.

As I've always said, the best team doesn't always win in March. It's the team that's playing the best that night. And then all of a sudden, somebody gets beat. It opens up an easier path possibly to make it somewhere. So we are enjoying every second of this. I mean, I want our players to soak it all in. We're going to do all the things tonight with the kids to make sure they get a chance to experience it. I've told my staff to go out. Once we're prepared, go out with your friends. Go out. I'm taking my wife out. We're going to enjoy it.

So to me, that's what it's all about. You know, it's our third time in 11 years, which 11 years ago, when I got hired here, the goal was we want to try to get to a Sweet 16. It's a program that had never been to a Sweet 16, and that was kind of like, hey, we'd like to make consistent appearances in the Sweet 16. And now we've gone to three Final Fours. I don't think anybody ever thought that that was possible. And we're going to enjoy it. We're going to soak it in. And then tomorrow night, we're going to come out to play. I can promise you that.

But I've talked to my SID. I want Nick to figure out in 11 years how many teams have made it to the Final Four? UConn's been all 11. So there's one team that's gone 11 straight. How many actual programs have made it to the Final Four in 11 years? Because it's not a great number. So it's definitely a difficult task to do.

Q. I can't tell you how many times over the past two seasons post-game press conferences a coach has said we just didn't have an answer for McCowan. How do you deal with that? How do you approach that?
JEFF WALZ: Well, it's one of those things where it just is what it is. I was fortunate enough to coach Teaira at the UA team when she was a part of that a few years back. Just a wonderful person. Just a big heart. And then when you get her out on the floor, she's a competitor. She competes. So it's not a matter of we don't have an answer for her.

At the same time, we've got some pretty good players that they're going to have to adjust to. So it's a matter of we've got to try to go with our strengths. We know what they're going to do, and that's go to their strengths, and we've got to figure out a way to possibly slow them down the best we can.

You aren't going to stop anybody. At this time of year with the teams that are playing, everybody's really good. You aren't going to stop anyone. It's just a matter of can you slow somebody up in order to get the advantage? I've said it all postseason, seeding doesn't matter. It's all about momentum. And it's momentum during the game, not the momentum you have going into the game. But once that game starts, when you get on a 6-0 run, can you turn that 6-0 run into a 12-0 run?

You go back, and you look at our four games coming up to this, there have been stretches in games where we've gone on a 14-2, a 16-2 run, and it's what creates the separation. It's what takes a four-point game, and all of a sudden, it's an 18-point game, and now it's an uphill climb.

So we've got to make sure we take advantage of the momentum when we get it, and then when they're on a little bit of a run, we've got to figure out a way to stop it.

Q. Jeff, some of the Mississippi State players earlier said they feel like they're in an advantage because they played in a Final Four last year. How do you think your girls will handle tomorrow night's stage, and how has their approach been so far?
JEFF WALZ: The approach has been great. The thing about it, it's going to be a great environment, and we're fortunate enough for our home games also that we have a great fan base. So I don't think our kids are going to be surprised or a little in shock of the crowd tomorrow night.

We had a great turnout at Lexington for our regional semifinal and final game. And then when that game gets going, they don't know what game you're playing. They don't know if it's the first game, the last game, or whatever. When the ball starts going, as a player, you are just playing. You aren't thinking, man, this is the Final Four.

So I'm not worried about that at all. I think our kids are loose. I think they're excited and know it's going to be a great challenge.

Q. Two-part question for you. First, how was it riding in the sidecar last night of the police escort?
JEFF WALZ: It was absolutely great. That's one thing, I kind of was joking with them when we came to practice yesterday and said, hey, I'd like to sit in that on the way back. Roll out of practice, and he's got the jacket, helmet, and the gloves. I'm in. Yeah, I'd like to actually do it tomorrow on the way to the game.

Q. The second question, you kind of alluded to it or discussed a little bit, but what you've done in 11 years at the school getting three Final Fours, I don't know how many other coaches have done that in their first 11 years at a program. I don't know how many McDonald's All-Americans you've had, but I'm guessing not a roster-ful of them. What can other coaches take from you to build their programs in the same way, where in 11 years you're a three-time Final Four and two-time championship playing program?
JEFF WALZ: You know, we were fortunate. I say this all the time. When I took the job at Louisville, I took it over, and it was a good program. It was solid. Tom Collen had done a really nice job. Tom didn't get fired at Louisville. Tom took the Arkansas job. So I had the opportunity to inherit Angel McCoughtry. Now, we also worked really hard at changing the culture, changing expectations, changing what they have to do.

Because I'll never forget, in my interview, the players had the opportunity to talk to me and ask me questions, and Angel asked me, What are you going to do to get us to a Sweet 16?

I said, Well, Angel, I'm not playing. I can't play for you. What are you going to do? And she kind of looked at me, and I said, It's about building a team. You guys have known that Coach Colin took the job at Arkansas a week ago, right?

She's like, Yeah.

I go, Which one of you have called the freshmen that have just signed, so they're seniors in high school, to tell them everything is going to be okay? Not one returning player had reached out to the incoming freshmen because they just didn't think about it. They didn't realize it. And I'm like, that's your problem. You've got each other right here, so you're comfortable with knowing, hey, we're going to find a coach. We're going to be good. But you've got incoming freshmen that signed -- and I know everybody says you sign with the school. No, you sign because you build a relationship with the coach at that school. The coach leaves, and now they were fractured some, the freshmen. They didn't know what to expect.

And that next day, on my second day of the interview, Patrika Barlow comes running up to me, and she says, Coach, I called all of them, and they're so thankful, and they're excited.

And that's kind of how things started with us, was getting the players to realize it's their team. It's not the coaches. We do our jobs at giving them guidance, putting in game plans, but they have to be the ones that invest in it.

And it started on that day, and we have just continued to build and build and build. And it's been a remarkable 11 years with some wonderful players that have bought in to us and believed in what we could do. And I've said, I mean, we're sitting here right now with Myisha Hines-Allen as our only senior, and we can say as a staff that everybody that's completed four years with us in 11 years has had the opportunity to play in a Final Four. We're proud of that and looking forward to a great weekend.

Q. Jeff, if my math is correct, there have been 15 teams in the last 11 years that have made the Final Four. But my question is after what you did with Marie Gulich last week, does any of that apply here? Obviously, size is similar, but what about skill?
JEFF WALZ: They're both really talented. We're going to have -- Teaira is probably stronger as a low post player. Marie, I love the finesse of her game. She could post up at times. She had a nice little step back. So their skill set was a little bit different. We're going to have to do everything we can, it's no secret, to try to get Teaira as far away from the basket as we can, make her score over us, but then you've got to turn and box her out.

What she does so well is she might miss it, but then everybody else takes a step to the basket. Well, she takes a step with you, and she just rebounds the ball over you. It's not a foul. She's just taller and stronger, and she rebounds it and puts it back up and in. We've got to limit the number of offensive rebounds and second-chance points that she's able to get.

Q. Hello, Coach. You talked about how similar these two teams are going in. You've spoken about how you and the players are trying to stay loose, this is just another game, but the stakes are different. So when it comes down to that game, if things are maybe a little too loose or too tight, what aspects of the culture that you've been able to build are you and your coaching staff going to really lean on to get the team focused and stay on track with the game plan?
JEFF WALZ: That's the one thing, I'll tell you. We're enjoying it now. The kids are enjoying this. But I can promise you, like when we just had our practice, our kids are focused and dialled in.

Tonight I want them to have fun. I want them to enjoy it. I don't need them to be sitting in the room all stressed trying to figure out, what are we going to do?

We know what to do. We're 38 games into the season. As I say, we're good at what we're good at, and we're bad at what we're bad at. It's not going to change now. So we just need to keep doing what we do.

Tomorrow's game, they're going to come out and have a good warmup, and we're going to approach it like we have for the last 38 ball games. The stakes are the same as they were in Round 1. If you lose, you're finished. So the stakes aren't any different, and that's one thing that I've talked to our players about. Every game in the NCAA Tournament has the same ramifications. You lose, you're finished.

And now it's the same thing. It's just now you're down to four teams. It's an unbelievable accomplishment. I'm really proud of these young women.

Q. There are four teams here that want to play for a National Championship. Would you rather be in a Final Four in which UConn has won a couple in a row or in a Final Four in which UConn didn't win last year?
JEFF WALZ: You know what, the great thing about it is when the draw comes out, everybody's like, You want to be opposite UConn. That's a lie. That's the worst thing you could ever have happen. How many National Championship games have they lost? You know the answer? Zero. When they lose is in the semis. So you want to play them in the semis because he can't coach that game very well (laughter). You know, he gets tight. He gets nervous, and he can't perform. Then finally in the championship game, he lets Chris do it, and he's 11-0. He gets all the credit, though.

So you want to be on the same side of the bracket. This stuff of being on the opposite side is bad business.

I got a good question. That was a great question. Thank you, everybody.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Kathryn, do you guys appreciate getting back here? There was a time when Notre Dame was in the top four every year, your freshman year also. Do you appreciate what it's taken to get back here, specifically with injuries, to be back here playing in the Final Four?
KATHRYN WESTBELD: Absolutely. I think every year it's an expectation that Coach sets. Obviously, it's not going to be easy getting back. Obviously, we've had hard times in the past couple years. Yeah, especially this year, going through what we have and kind of overcoming everything, especially when no one thought that we really could. I think it's really something special for us, especially it being my senior year, being in this.

Q. Arike, on the season you guys have had and the setbacks and the injuries, how did you guys push yourselves through that? Is it a cumulative effect?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: I think everyone who's playing right now, we're all hungry. We all love the game. So it's not hard to push and try to get as many wins as we can.

Q. This is for Kathryn. When Jessica came in, you guys weren't sure right up until November that she'd be able to play this year. I know you obviously practiced with her before. But how quickly did she fit in to Notre Dame in terms of the culture, the demands, everything that you guys did? How fast was that for her?
KATHRYN WESTBELD: I think her impact was immediate. Even when she came in the summer, I think during practices and workouts, she was one of the loudest ones, talking to everybody, really trying to get to know everybody and fit in as much as she could. I think she really did do that.

As far as basketball-wise, we all love playing with her. She works so hard. She's made such an impact on the court on both ends, and obviously with our injuries, we're very lucky to have her.

Q. For both players, how would you describe what you've found with your starting five to make it to this point, obviously, not having as many players as you would have hoped at this point. But to play so well and to get this far, how would you describe what you've found as a unit?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: I think just chemistry-wise, I think we have to be a really close team to be able to play as many minutes together, and we have to know each other really well. There's not a lot of subs, so we have to capitalize on a lot of possessions so we're not tired. So I think that's a big point of it.

KATHRYN WESTBELD: Going off of that, I think trust is a big thing. Just playing off each other. Like she said, chemistry is huge for us. But at the same time, it's hard to play with only seven players, but it kind of gets easier because you're only used to playing with that lineup or only a couple different lineups, not used to a bunch of different people coming in and having to learn their strengths and weaknesses and playing off of that. So I think we can really maximize on each other's strengths.

Q. For both you guys, there was a time that UConn and you would play four times a season for four straight years. You probably knew what flavor of gum everyone was chewing on the other team. It seemed -- I mean, it's still a rivalry, but is it less that you see them once a year in December, and maybe we'll see you again in the Final Four or some other point? There isn't that same we're focused on UConn all year, as opposed to now you see them once and then maybe see them again?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: I don't think, even if we played them four times, we were only focused on UConn all year. That's only four games out of 30. We don't come to games thinking this is a big rivalry. We come to the game, we have to get another win. It's just another team.

THE MODERATOR: Kathryn, do you have anything to add?

KATHRYN WESTBELD: No, I pretty much agree with that.

Q. Arike, how important is defense in this game? Both teams can get up and down and score, but could it come down to which team can play a little bit better defense and make a few stops during the game?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: I think that's really what it does come down to. Like you said, we both can score. We both have high average as a team per game, so it's definitely who can get the most stops.

Q. Arike, the game in December, Coach McGraw was saying on a teleconference the other day that even though you lost that game, it gave you confidence because of how well you played for a lot of that game against UConn. Can you go back in that game? I mean, the fourth quarter kind of got away, but what are the best things you can take from that game, and what do you most want to avoid that happened in that game?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: That game was a while ago, so I don't remember a lot of it. We played well against them. I remember we had a lead for a lot of the game. So I think that's just a positive coming out of the game.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies.

Q. Coach, Kathryn said, in some ways it's easier to play with seven players. As a coach, is it easier in any way to play with seven players?
MUFFET McGRAW: Well, there's not many decisions to make who's going to go in the game, where you look down and go, I've got to get her out and get somebody else in. In some ways it's easier, but it's generally harder. I think practice is harder. Foul trouble is harder. You worry so much with the anxiety of what else is going to go wrong. As soon as someone gets their first foul, I start to worry. How is this going to play out? Can we play zone?

So I think some of the things we're trying to look at is how we manage practice, how we manage the game, how much zone can we play, do we need to change our strategy to avoid fouling? I think there's a lot more strategy involved when you only have a small bench.

Q. Prior to the season at ESPN before all your injuries, you had talked about wanting to have this team as a bigger defensive identity. Is that changed now, or can you actually go out and just outscore UConn in this game?
MUFFET McGRAW: I think our defensive identity really came to fruition during the Tennessee game. I think that was the game we realized, if we can guard, we can win. And that -- that was a turning point for us because it gave the players the idea that, hey, maybe this commitment to defense is something that we could really hang our hats on.

And I think we got a lot better from that moment on defensively. We took a lot of pride in it and had more of a commitment to it. We realized it can create offense for us. I think we've been better defensively since that game.

Q. Hey, Coach, same thing I asked the players. I mean, not saying that you don't appreciate going to a Final Four any time, because it's special, but with what you guys went through this year with injuries and stuff, does it make this one a little more special, that you're maybe not expecting to be here after what you guys have been through?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, absolutely. This has to be the most rewarding and probably -- you know, I think you saw the coaching staff after the Oregon game. I mean, just such joy for us to see that the players get to have this experience. You know, we've been there. The seniors have been there. But to talk about it and say how much fun it is and how exciting it is, it's just not the same as being here.

It helps the program from here on. Now everybody in the program's been there, so next year they have that experience.

So I think it's one of the most rewarding -- since '97, when we were a 6 seed and completely unexpected to get here -- this has definitely been one where we've really worked hard for it.

Q. Can you talk about this team's resilience a little bit through the injuries and having all these things happen in season. Is it something that's come naturally to them, or did you really have to work hard to instill that resilience in them as you're going through this?
MUFFET McGRAW: I think resilience is the perfect word to describe what our team is and how we got here. I think the coaches worked pretty hard at it, but I think you have to have that. You have to have a certain amount of mental toughness to get through the season, and some kids, especially this team, are tougher than normal.

I think people talk a lot about this generation and they're different. This is a team of maybe throwback type of players because they all are the kind of kids that would run through the wall for each other and for us.

So I think that we -- you know, we never let it get us down as coaches. I think we approached it like, okay, whose turn is it to step up now? And when you ask players, would you mind playing 40 minutes, I don't think there's a problem with that, especially with our guards. So I think in some ways it was just like we're just moving on. We didn't really talk about it a lot. Just figured out how we're going to move on. Always talked about what we have and what we can do rather than what we lost.

Q. Coach, if I could ask you sort of similar to what I asked Kathryn, about Jessica's impact because it seems like it was immediate. But also, how has she even evolved and improved just playing one year for you?
MUFFET McGRAW: You know, her impact, as she said, at our first practice in the summer, she was the one that was encouraging. She was the one that was helping the freshmen. She was the one that would always say, hey, we'll be okay. Never really got down. Could take criticism, could take coaching. Understood what it was like. The hardest thing for me was that you kind of want to build some things around her, and then at the same time, think, well, if she's not going to play, we're wasting all this time.

So learning she could play at the last minute made it a little bit tougher because we weren't really geared to throw the ball inside as much. So she's really come along in terms of what she can do because she's really special. I mean, she can rebound, put it on the floor, she can pass, she can score in a lot of different ways. So I think her impact is continual. I think she's gotten better.

She set a Notre Dame record. I think she had a bunch of double-doubles in the row for the first time in the NCAA Tournament. We've never had that before. So I think that she is continuing to improve.

Didn't get the attention, I didn't think, nationally that I think she deserved. I think she's one of the best power forwards in the country, and she certainly has played that way for us. We wouldn't be here without her.

Q. Coach, Marina Mabrey has taken on more of a point guard role for you now, but how has she evolved as that off ball scorer to the point where her career high coming into the season for threes was four, and in this tournament alone she's topped that multiple times. How has she evolved to be a better scorer as she's taking on even more point guard duty?
MUFFET McGRAW: It has been a challenge for her. I think coming in, her willingness to take on that role was the first thing. We talked about it early in the season, and, of course, after Lili went down, she was pretty much going to take over. I think her evolution has been phenomenal. You look at what she was in the beginning, we helped her a lot. Niele did a lot of work. I think her sister Michaela helped her a lot long distance.

Getting her to run the offense and think pass first was not something she was used to doing it. She worked all summer on her shot. So going through the transition of a scorer to now I've got to look for everybody else, and now she's figured out I can do both. So it's been a long road for her, and she's done a fabulous job at it, especially in calling the plays.

She's now at the point where she's calling her own stuff, not every possession, but certainly at big times in the game. She can see what we need, who needs the ball, and who has the mismatch. So she's really come a long way in that. It's another reason that we're here.

Q. Coach Auriemma said earlier today about that stretch where you were playing each other four times a year was maybe too much, but it's also the best stretch that you had against them. Do you make anything into that? And what is the blueprint to beat them? And my other question is, some of the players you talked about the other day that might be back, are some of them back?
MUFFET McGRAW: I think playing them four times, I think two years in a row, was great for the game. I think they were always great battles. It was a time when we had Natalie Achonwa, Ariel Braker, and Kayla McBride. Nat and Ariel are coming and Kayla is still overseas. So we're excited to have them back. They were part of the group that really was very successful against Connecticut.

So I think now that we only play them once a year, I think there is some distance to the rivalry. I think that it always, of course, will be a rivalry just because they're the best team in the country right now. But I think it's not that intensity that we had when we were in the Big East because you're constantly watching in your conference. Now we're in the ACC, and we're focused on that, and that's the best conference in women's basketball. We can't really afford to be watching a lot of other teams. We really focused on that.

So I think it definitely has lessened the intensity of the rivalry, but that could change tomorrow.

Q. Muffet, from your standpoint, are you happy you don't have to see them four times a year now? The only thing said is you see them once in December and maybe we'll see you in March. As a coach, okay, we only play them once a year, and then we can move on and then maybe see them again?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, I think it's good, especially for us in the ACC, with playing so many good teams. It's great to have a challenging non-conference schedule and then a great conference schedule and then get ready to focus on them again. Playing them one time gives you that feel for what it's going to be like, and I think it helps.

Q. Coach, was there a point this year where you just thought to yourself this is just -- this is just not going to happen for us this year? And if so, how do you fight your way through that? What do you do?
MUFFET McGRAW: You know, I think for me, I go home. That's how I fight my way through it because Matt is always there with the positive. You know, I can vent. I can get it all out. And he's there with a hug and a smile, and he kind of just pushes me back out. So any time we're taking some knockout punches, he's the one picking me up.

So that allowed me to let it out and then get back to practice and just go at the team and say, hey, here's where we're going now. Always looking forward. I think that was the key for us.

Q. Coach, I guess Arike didn't remember much about that December game, but you did say that -- and I don't know. Maybe she just wasn't telling us.
MUFFET McGRAW: She doesn't remember the Oregon game (laughing).

Q. You said you felt like it was a confidence build, and I know you lost Lili since then, but who do you think on your team from that team might be able to take the most from it or could take something from it?
MUFFET McGRAW: Probably everybody with the exception of Arike because she just plays. I think Jessica looked at the game. I think Kat kind of studies the game a little bit differently. Jackie looked at the game and how that went. So I think that -- I think we could take a lot from that to see where we went wrong.

I think we changed some things since then that have helped us. Hopefully, those guys will help Arike remember what we did.

Q. Muffet, you and I talked a little bit about it, but what Kat's done the last three weeks, from potentially seeing her career end with an injury to a big win over Villanova. Just talk about what she's done and a chance to play near home for her last games.
MUFFET McGRAW: I was saying to someone after the Oregon game, I couldn't be happier for a person than I am for Kathryn Westbeld. She has gone through so much, so many injuries starting last year. She had the injuries, she didn't practice the last six weeks of the season, only played in the games. Played through a ton of pain, had a surgery off-season. Took a bit longer to get back. She was supposed to be 100 percent in October, it was November, then it was December. Then she turns the ankle again. We wouldn't have beaten Villanova without her. She's won the Oregon game for us.

She's done so many things that have just not shown up anywhere. She doesn't always show up on the stat sheet like she did in those games because she's taking a charge, getting an offensive rebound that gives us another possession. She's steady and always calm. We call her the glue because she just keeps us together and does so many things.

And then to come back home and be able to play is just a phenomenal story. Couldn't be happier for her.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Good morning. Victoria, I'll start with you. Do you have an appreciation -- you guys are back here at the spot that you were last year. Do you have a sense of how hard it is to get back here now? I mean, what did you feel like in terms of how difficult it was to get back to this spot?
VICTORIA VIVIANS: It's always difficult to get back here because you've got to go through the NCAA Tournament. All of the teams in the tournament are great, so it's tough every night. I feel like it was difficult this year, but we made it.

Q. For Morgan and for Blair, you're fond of looking at Coach's green folder there for the opponents. Not sure if he has one for Mississippi State. He even remarked about the similarities. What's the help in playing a team that has so many similarities as you guys do?
BLAIR SCHAEFER: I think we have to understand how we make other people feel who play as hard as we do on defense. So we're going to have to counter that and get open and actually have to get into them to get open. We're going to have to be crisp with our passes, just understand everything we're trying to take the other team out of. That's exactly what they're going to do as well.

Q. For Morgan, obviously, the Final Four last year was quite an experience for you. Can you reflect on that and what it's like to be back in the Final Four for you?
MORGAN WILLIAM: Last year's experience was great. UConn, of course, and just to get back here, it's a blessing. It's hard to get back here two times in a row. So I'm glad we came back and made it back. We worked hard for this.

Q. What do you see as your dividing moment to get you back to this place right now? I'm sorry. For Morgan, what has been your defining moment for this season?
BLAIR SCHAEFER: To get us back here.

MORGAN WILLIAM: I don't know. SEC definitely is tough. I feel like it definitely prepared us because every game in the SEC is definitely tough. Everyone is good in the SEC, so when we get to NCAA, it's win or go home. So you get everyone's best game.

I feel like that really helped us. I feel like the target is on our back. It gives us motivation to get out there because we don't want to get upset or anything.

Q. This one's for Blair. Blair, aside from the Xs and Os, what's the feeling you guys have to recapture when you came here last year? Is there a sentiment or some sort of confidence that you guys need to come with that you came with last year as well?
BLAIR SCHAEFER: Honestly, I feel like we have a better vibe about us this year because we know -- our seniors know what it's like to be here, and until you actually get to this stage and play on this stage, you really don't know what it's like. People can tell you what it feels like, but you don't know for yourself.

I feel like this year we understand the feeling, and I feel like we're very focused and mentally just in the moment. I feel like that's what we're going to have to be if we're going to be prepared to play Louisville tomorrow.

Q. Blair, I'm sure you've answered this many times, but what's it been like playing for your dad for the last few years? There's only two more games playing for him. Just what's it been like for your career to have your dad be your coach and obviously your dad?
BLAIR SCHAEFER: We have a really special relationship to make it work. We separate father-daughter, coach-player really well. It's been a true blessing. He is so well-known and looked at through other coaches in this industry, and to be able to play for one of the best and him be your dad at the same time, you really can't replace that. So I'm blessed.

VIC SCHAEFER: I'm the best dad too, by the way.

Q. This game is more than just individuals in looking at the scout. Can you tell us what you've seen from Asia Durr and what challenge that creates for the team tomorrow?
VICTORIA VIVIANS: Asia Durr is a great player. She can create for herself and her teammates. We've faced it all year. I feel like we have certain players on our team that can do certain things. I feel like it's going to be a team effort to stop her. Not just individually. I feel like it's going to be a team effort offensively and defensively against her.

Q. For Morgan, how much of a factor do you think tempo is going to be in this game?
MORGAN WILLIAM: I feel like we're just going to go out there and play our game. I know last time we played, they won the track meet or whatever. We just went out there and played our game and let the rest handle itself.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. We'll continue with questions for Coach Schaefer.

Q. I asked Morgan about last year's Final Four. She became instantly famous overnight, and then she didn't play that much in the final. How did she deal with that, and how has she responded this year to being kind of famous?
VIC SCHAEFER: I think she's dealt with it fine. I mean, the thing about last year, it's so unfair to her. It's unfair to me. I'm a big guy. I can take it. But to write some of the things that were written about her, really unfair. And if anybody had have done their homework on my team, they would have realized last year Jazzmun Holmes played 25 minutes against DePaul in the second round, had 14 points, 8 or 7 assists, and 1 turnover, played 25 minutes.

Nobody wanted to write about that. They wanted to write about a fourth quarter where I just felt like Jazzmun Holmes was playing a little better and had a little more energy. We did that all year. If you followed us this year, we've done the same thing. We've ham-and-egged it with them all year long. Mo right now is playing really well. She's played a lot of the bulk of the minutes here lately because she's playing so well.

I'm blessed to have two great point guards in Morgan and Jazz that it's allowed me to redshirt three-time Gatorade Player of the Year, Myah Taylor, who's a point guard. That's how fortunate we are.

Morgan William is a competitor. She is a tough, competitive cuss. I mean, you don't -- she is the ultimate point guard. She is a hard worker. She is like one of my own. And some of the things that were speculated and written about last year, not fair, and I'm glad I've had the opportunity to bring that up because that kid didn't deserve any of that.

She made a big shot on Friday night, but there were so many other things that went through for our team to have a chance to win that game during the course of the game. But she made a big shot. But then to have everything that was said on Sunday, not very fair.

Q. Two-part question. One, are you the best dad in the world as you said? Seriously, though, I remember last year at the Final Four it was brought up how you guys had the 60-point loss to UConn. Was there something -- I mean, not similar to that, but some sort of message of that nature that you guys had all season that was hidden until the Final Four, and now you brought it out?
VIC SCHAEFER: Sure. The dad piece, I try. I try to be to all these kids too. I just love them to death like they're my own, you know. It's a special group not only to have my twins, but I've got 14 daughters. It's really, really special and unique that I really enjoy about my job.

This year's been unfinished business. I think this team has tried to embrace that and done a great job with that. We have not run from the target on our back all year. We've talked about, hey, you're going to get everybody's best shot. For what you did last year, you're going to get everybody's best game plan. Everybody's going to be excited to play you. We had a really good nonconference schedule.

But then as the year went on, that target got joined by another target, which was the undefeated target, to go 32-0, and they've handled that like a champ. So really difficult to handle both of those things, and for these kids to do what they've done is quite remarkable.

We didn't run from wanting to win a Southeastern Conference Championship. We put a picture of their trophy, big picture, laminated it, put it on their lockers. I wanted them to see that every day. We won the Southeastern Conference. I mean, that's so hard to do.

So this team has embraced challenges, starting with the end of the season last year, what we wanted to try to get done this year.

Q. Back to Morgan for a second. I'm sure it's not every kid that you've probably ever coached could probably be able to handle that coming in the game, not coming in some other game. What is it about Morgan that's allowed her to sort of persist through this? And she said earlier in the season that she was struggling with her shot a bit. Is there anything in particular that you guys did to work with her? Because it looks like it's fine now.
VIC SCHAEFER: First of all, Morgan's a great kid. Monica, her mother, has done a tremendous job with her. She's just a great kid. High character, tough, competitive. And so Morgan has, like I said, she -- it wasn't anything new for us really last year. It was new for -- it seemed to be new for everybody else watching the game. So this year, again, we've -- I've gone with who's hot, who's playing well, who's running our team right.

This year Morgan and Jazz both, they have so many weapons around them. Morgan hasn't had to score as much this year as she did in years past. Years past, we might not have had as many shooters or offensive weapons that we have this year. So her role changed as a point guard.

Now here lately, she's shooting the ball well because she's been in the gym. She's really worked hard to -- Coach Dionnah has been with her in the gym a lot, as all my coaches are with all my position players. She's really worked hard on her shot, and you're right, she's shooting it really well, playing with a lot of confidence. She's got that presence about her that I like to see in all of our players, but especially a point guard.

So I think that's the biggest thing with her right now is just her swagger. Look, it's hard to have swagger if you don't have a skill set.

Q. Coach, your team came here last year and was, like Blair said, they didn't really know what to expect. It was a new experience for everybody. Did that factor into the way you guys approached things and how do you sort of recapture that newness when it's not new now?
VIC SCHAEFER: Yeah, you know, obviously, this time last year, there probably wasn't anybody in the room who thought we'd do what we did, except the people in my locker room. So there was probably a little bit of a -- we had great focus and great preparation leading up to that ball game. But we also, I think, were -- you know, when you're the underdog, there's a little different approach than when you come in now and we're -- we're still obviously going to play a great Louisville team, but we're not playing a team that's won 111 in a row, so to speak.

But with this team, I think they've been here. They understand what's coming. Again, we have a tremendous amount of respect for Louisville, and we have a great understanding of what they present, the problems and the challenges they bring. But this team has handled that all year, as they said, in the course of the season with the teams we've had to play against in our conference and in our nonconference.

So I've shown them enough film on Louisville, and we know they're the winners of the ACC. They won the ACC Tournament. And I know Jeff personally. He and his staff, and know what kind of job they do. So our antennas are up.

Q. Vic, over the past decade, how have you seen the women's game change specifically and how evolved and how have you adapted to that?
VIC SCHAEFER: Wow, may not be enough time in the day. Number one, I just think the skill set of our players is so much more broader. I think the coaching is really, really good. Staffs are really, really good. I think there's -- you know what, I think there's an importance placed by administrations on women's basketball. I know at my place in Mississippi State, women's basketball is really important. They spend a lot of money on women's basketball.

I tell our kids that all the time. Hey, there's people investing in you. We owe it to our administration, our fans. So I think that's the thing I've seen is -- you know, back when I started in 1990, just talking about the high school game, the offensive coordinator was the girls basketball coach. That's not the case anymore in high school. They're hiring girls high school basketball coaches.

So I think then, as you go through the college game today, administrators are doing their homework. They want good people running their programs. They see the value that a women's basketball program can bring to our university, just like at our place. Six years ago, there was about this many people at my games. Now we've got 10,000 in there. This year we had over 10,000 four nights. We averaged over 8,500. It's important.

But it's important because our administration started with them. It's obviously important to me, my coaches, and my players. So I think there's an investment on a number of levels, whether it's your players, your coaches, administration, that's really allowed it to become what it is today.

Without talking about rule changes and things like that and freedom of movement and all that, I just think that's -- there's so many things -- so many other things that go into it within the skill set that these kids are developing in high school, AAU, things like that. It's just really improved, I think.

Q. Vic, what is the challenge -- I mean, you've had all these girls four years, three years. They hear your voice every day. What is the challenge of getting them to continue to listen and be locked in and keep that message fresh?
VIC SCHAEFER: I think there's a trust factor with our kids and with my staff. I think there's a real credibility when you've done it as long as I have. To have the staff that I have and what their backgrounds are, I just think our kids know that, you know what, if we're saying something, if we're making a point to put it in a scouting report, it's important.

And I think we don't give in. If we think our message is falling on deaf ears, we don't just throw our hands up and go, Oh, well. I think you keep coaching, you keep teaching, you stay after it. So for our kids -- you know, 27-7, 28-8, 34-5, and now 36-1 -- I think the proof's in the pudding. So they have a real respect and understanding of, hey, if Coach says it, then we need to listen and do it.

Q. Vic, as you mentioned, Louisville has a lot of threats offensively and defensively, very similar to your own team. But what are the main differences you see between the two teams?
VIC SCHAEFER: There may be a difference in Tea's a true, back-to-the-basket five. Both their bigs can face up and do some things off the bounce. Once you get past that, I think that's -- that in and of itself could be where we think we have an advantage. It may be where they think they have an advantage.

After that, I think our teams are so similar. I mean, really, I think we both could flip flop and coach each other's group. Terminology might be a little off, but it meant the same thing.

Again, I just -- I think that's who Jeff is and how he coaches those kids, and the fit those kids have in his program are the same fit we have for our program. You've got to have tough, physical, aggressive basketball players. You know what, if somebody describes your team, it doesn't matter what sport you're coaching. Is it tough, physical, aggressive? Football, baseball, basketball -- you probably like that as a coach. That doesn't say anything about your skill set.

I just think his team, we both mirror image each other from the standpoint of being tough, physical, and aggressive.

Q. Coach, in the UCLA game, you saw a couple different defenses early on, and Victoria hit that bomb early on, Morgan hit a couple, but then Ro Johnson knocked down two. What have you learned about her as an offensive player throughout this season to where you're really playing four-on-one around here?
VIC SCHAEFER: Ro, I've known it since we got her three years ago. When we got her three years ago, I thought, man, she is a pro. Roshunda Johnson can do so many things with the basketball. She can take you off the bounce. She can create her own shot. She can stretch you deep. She can bail you out of some really bad sets and make shots.

And I still believe that about Ro. Ro has really been that X-factor for us that allows us to -- you know, people run out of defenders some nights. You can put a good one on Tori, or you can put a good one on Tea, or you can put a good one on Ro. Well, there's two other players now, and you're out of good defensive players.

So I think that's the beauty of this team is you've got to find all five of ours. It's hard to double off of any of them because they can all beat you.

But Roshunda Johnson has really been a tremendous addition for us and has made our team what it is today, in my mind. I mean, we don't have Ro, we have a different kind of player there, now people can guard us a little differently. So she's really special.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

VIC SCHAEFER: All right. Praise the Lord and Go Dogs.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Kia, obviously, everybody is going to kind of focus on how it finished, but can you talk about how you guys started and how ultimately damaging that was, the way you guys got off in the first quarter.
KIA NURSE: Obviously, I think in the first quarter, they came out and made a couple of shots, got out in transition and defensively got some stops. I mean, they got up on a bit of a run. So yeah.

Q. I guess, did you sort of feel like this was just -- I'm sorry. This is for Kia. It was just trading punches and trading punches? You guys were able to make some big plays at the end of regulation, and it seemed like you took momentum into overtime, but then it was just one punch after another.
KIA NURSE: I think it was one of those games where, obviously, it was just a grind back and forth the entire game, and it was just a battle. I think, like Coach said, there were so many times they could have put us away, and we clawed and clawed and clawed our way back into it and made big play after big play. So I'm proud of my team and the way they played in that section.

THE MODERATOR: We'll dismiss them back to the locker room. We'll take questions for Coach.

Q. Geno, you come back from a 13-point deficit the first quarter, five down the last 21 seconds in regulation, last few seconds in double overtime. Two years in a row you lose on a buzzer beater in overtime, can you describe how tough this is?
GENO AURIEMMA: Some things just don't need explanations, you know. You really can't describe what goes into -- what goes into getting here and trying to win a championship. It's very, very difficult. For a long, long time, we made it look like it was easy, but it's very, very difficult, as it's played out the last two years.

As I said, for us to make the plays that we made to tie the game in regulation then have a chance to win it and to tie the game in overtime, I mean, that's kind of -- that's what Connecticut basketball is all about. But they made one more big play than we did tonight.

Q. Geno, I'm guessing that the last two years here kind of proves what you've always tried to say, that this is a lot harder than it looks.
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah. You know, when you do something and it seems like it's so effortless, you do get numb and forget. It's difficult. It's very, very difficult. There are no bad teams. There's no bad players. You can't luck into a National Championship. You have to play great.

You know, one or two players really make the difference at this time of the year. I made this comment before that, when your team gets to the Final Four, it's not your talent, and it's not your team that's going to beat the other team. Generally, when you look back, there's one or two players that just make unbelievable plays and just dominate the game. And going in, you never know who they're going to be.

We thought, hey, we do a great job on Mabrey and Arike. And we did first period. And Jackie Young's a good player, everybody found out. So you don't get to this point because you're not good enough to win a National Championship. Obviously, Notre Dame's good enough, and they were better than us tonight.

Q. Geno, on a tough night, can you appreciate what kind of showcase this was for the women's game tonight? Two overtime games to put two teams in the title game.
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, crazy. Two overtime games. Again, when you see the bracket come out and you see the field and you kind of project ahead, if everybody wins, the four teams that could be in the Final Four, and it played out that way.

There's not -- there's no easy games here this weekend. There's no somebody snuck in there or somebody upset three different people to get here. The four best teams in the country were here, and they played like it.

And it was. It was an amazing night of basketball for the fans here, for people watching. It was pretty impressive, I have to say.

Q. Geno, you've spoken about this time of year and specifically this game, helping to define who players are. What did Azura Stevens define herself as tonight? What did you learn about her tonight?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, kind of what I already knew. Azura can get a lot of things done on the court that most players can't, and then she does things on the court that I can't explain.

So for her first year playing for us, I thought she was amazing all year long. She's come a long, long way. This game will help her an awful lot because she's never been in this environment before. This is her first time. And this is Crystal's first time really, where we said, hey, you're going to have to go out and help us win this game, instead of come off the bench and contribute ten minutes. So for the two of them, this was big. This was really big.

Napheesa really struggled last year in this game and played great tonight. Lou had a great game. She was a little bit worn down. Sometimes you have to be exposed to this and fail when it's all on you. It's a great learning tool. But I'm a pretty smart guy. I don't need to learn this shit two years in a row (laughter).

Q. Geno, you talked about the underclassmen for the learning experience, but it's got to be tough for the seniors to go out two games like this in consecutive years.
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah.

Q. Just talk a little bit about that.
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, I don't know what our final record was the last two years, but Kia and Gabby got a lot done in two years, and that's not even counting the two previous years that they had at Connecticut. Again, unfortunately, the way the game is set up, one weekend in March gets to decide your whole season if you're Connecticut.

But for our seniors, you know, they're going to remember this one and last year's for a long, long time. The two championships they won freshman and sophomore year are probably distant memories right about now. But when they look back, they're going to look at what an amazing career they both had and what a great impact they had on Connecticut basketball and the people that they've come in contact with up at Connecticut.

So, yeah, that's the unfortunate thing about being a senior in college. Very, very few kids have their senior season end with a National Championship, and it's happened to a lot of kids at Connecticut, but it wasn't meant to be for these two.

Q. Geno, first, will you talk about that first quarter and how much ultimately you think it impacted the tone of the game for you guys. And, actually, I forgot the second one because it's late.
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, we came out thinking that there's a couple things that we're going to have to do defensively, and we got those things done. Unfortunately, on the offensive end, shots that we normally make, we didn't make, and we started to struggle a little bit finding any kind of rhythm on offense at the beginning. I thought we became a little bit tentative.

And then once the second quarter started and we found ourselves, then the game obviously turned. It was a lot like last year's game as well, where the similar scenario happened.

But games like this, this time of the year, generally speaking, they're never won or lost in the first quarter. You can't win or lose a game in the first quarter. But I think the ability for Notre Dame to get to the free-throw line and how physical they were inside, I thought, going into the game, we said there's no way that -- Notre Dame does two things really, really well. They shoot the ball well; and when they miss, they go get it. So those are two things that are difficult to deal with, and tonight they did both of those things really well.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Myisha, end of regulation, overtime, what was going through your mind as you see the shot go up right there at the end of regulation?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: The one when she shot the ball? Who shot?

Q. The shot right there at the end of regulation.
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: I don't know, to be honest. I seen it go up, and I was like hope she misses, of course, because we would have won the game, but she's a phenomenal three-point shooter. Phenomenal team that we just played. It was a mental breakdown that we had, and she got that open look.

Q. Myisha, on your layup near the end of regulation, you cut to your left, and it was an open lane to the basket. Did you think for a second about taking the ball out rather than laying it in? And did you think you left them too much time?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Well, the last play I had an open layup, and I decided to dribble it out. My teammates told me, you have an open layup, shoot the layup. I got the opportunity again, and I wasn't going to disappoint my teammates.

JEFF WALZ: That was the right decision. You want to score. You're going to go to the line anyway, and you'll have to make two free throws. So that was the right move. I told them, if you've got a layup, you take it.

Q. Jazmine, how tough was it to defend this Mississippi State team that had so many different options?
JAZMINE JONES: It was really tough. They have great guards all down their team. Victoria, she's a great player. She was an All-American. It was really tough guarding her. And their three-point shooters, because they can spread out the floor while driving. So it was really tough tonight.

Q. Jazmine or Asia or Myisha, there at the end of overtime, it seemed like their No. 15, Teaira, kind of stepped it up a bit. Did you sense that out on the court? Did she become a little bit more of a force?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: No, she was doing that all game. How many rebounds did she have today?

JEFF WALZ: 25.

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: 25 rebounds. That didn't happen in the last five minutes of the game. She's a phenomenal player too. She's an All-American. Kudos to her. She did a great job in overtime.

Q. Question for Asia. When you think of Myisha Hines-Allen, what comes to mind?
ASIA DURR: (Crying.) I'm sorry. I can't talk.

When I first got here, she did so much for me. My first year here was so hard for me. She's the one who brought me through, took me underneath her wing, and she's done so much for our program. She's a great person, and she played her butt off tonight.

It's been so fun to play with her my three years. I will miss her a whole lot. I'll be by her side throughout her career. If she needs anything, I'll be here. I wish the best of luck to her, and I know she's going to do great things.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. We're going to start with questions for the head coach.

Q. Coach, congratulations on a wonderful season.
JEFF WALZ: Thank you.

Q. You mentioned in the press conferences before McCowan was probably the biggest difference. What did you tell your post players to try to do to try to keep her out, maybe push her out, so she wasn't a factor on the offensive glass?
JEFF WALZ: We were trying to push her out away from the basket, trying to make it as difficult as we could. I thought Sam competed and fought all night long. I mean, all of them did. Myisha did a heck of a job in there competing and fighting.

Teaira's a great player. I mean, we all know that. She did a phenomenal job on the offensive glass, and that was the one concern that we had was trying to keep her off the offensive glass, trying to face guard or do whatever we could. Unfortunately, we just weren't able to do it.

But I couldn't be prouder of a group. I mean, it's a tough one. It's just tough. Yeah, it sucks.

Q. Jeff, what was your view of Sam's fourth foul and her technical foul?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I can't comment on much. I mean, I'll get in trouble. But I just can't -- you know, she slapped the floor out of frustration. She wasn't trying to mock the officials or anything like that. You know, whatever. They're all paid a good amount of money to be out there officiating. So what do I know about that? It's just, it's -- it's tough. She's battling the entire game, getting beat up too. It was physical underneath there.

It's a shame it has to come down to that. If she had said something derogatory to the officials, which if she did, then she definitely deserved it. Slapping the floor -- you know, who knows?

Q. Did it impact the game?
JEFF WALZ: It was a five-point swing. So it impacted the game.

Q. Congratulations on the season that you had. I just want to return to Teaira for a minute. You talked before the game about having a plan A, plan B, plan C. A lot of that really did pay off. She didn't get a field goal until two minutes left in the first half, and you guys down the stretch were denying her the ball. You see her end up with 21 and 25, does it feel like this is the best you can hope for as a team playing against her?
JEFF WALZ: We had a three-point lead with 11 seconds to go. You guys make it sound like we just got our ass kicked. I mean, we competed. These young women, we did a heck of a job. We knew we weren't going to be able to hold her scoreless.

I had talked before about just guarding everybody else and seeing if she can score 50 on us. She's got 25 rebounds, halfway there on the boards part. You know, I thought we did a really good job on her. I thought we did a really good job. But you've got to give Johnson credit. She goes 2 of 6 in the field and hit probably the biggest shot in her career.

Q. When you think about Louisville greats, you think of, obviously, Angel McCoughtry, Candice Bingham, Shoni Schimmel. How does Myisha fit in that category?
JEFF WALZ: You're looking at a kid that scored over 2,000 points and 1,000 offensive rebounds. I mean, there's only one other player that's done that, Angel McCoughtry, and she's pretty good. She's right up there with the best of them. I couldn't be more proud of her. I'll miss seeing her in practice, there's no question.

Q. Was Danberry very much a part of your scouting report?
JEFF WALZ: Oh, yeah. She definitely was a part of our scouting report. She drives the thing. We knew she was a driver. She attacked the rim. I've got to give her credit for stepping up and going 4 of 5 from the free-throw line. She hit some big free throws. She was on the scouting report. We knew that.

But unfortunately we just -- you know, it was a great basketball game. It was just a great game.

Q. Jeff, with so many swings, the Sam foul, and the three at the end and the three at the end of the third quarter too, was there one from your chair that stuck out the most, as most impactful? How did you keep your team --
JEFF WALZ: It was a game of runs, big time shots by big time players. Obviously, Johnson's three was huge. Obviously, sends the game into overtime. But there's plays in the first half, I just told our kids in the locker room, everybody is going to look at that play and be like, man, that's the play of the game.

I've got about six of them I can show you from the first half where we didn't communicate, we didn't switch like we're supposed to, and we give up a layup on an out of bounds play. Well, that's just as critical as that last shot, but it's sports, which is great, everybody remembers the wow moment. They don't look all the way back and go, man, if you get that stop there, you win by two.

But that possession there, it was just a hard fought game. I'm happy for Vic. Vic's a great friend. That's a part of this job was tough. You build friendships with people, and then you're out there trying to beat them, and as bad as it hurts for me and my players, you're crazy if there's not a little bit of you that's not like, you know, he's a good friend. I'll be watching him, unfortunately, on Sunday instead of us.

THE MODERATOR: Time for one last question.

JEFF WALZ: I got all day.

Q. Just in terms of Myisha's future, what do you think she brings to a WNBA team?
JEFF WALZ: I think she brings power, brings strength. She can play inside out. She'll continue to work on her three-point shot, but I think she has the ability to extend to that range. Rebounding, just -- I mean, she's got a chance to have a pretty long career in the WNBA and then playing overseas.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

JEFF WALZ: Thank you. And I'd like to thank Columbus and everybody here. It's been a wonderful, wonderful event. Columbus has done a fantastic job, the committee, everybody. So thank you for that.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Tori, it was a really slow start offensively. What did you have to do to get things going?
VICTORIA VIVIANS: We just had to settle down and play our game. Like Teaira said before, we need to get out of our bodies. We just need to stay calm and do what we do best.

Q. Ladies, congratulations. Tea, for all the points and all the rebounds, Coach mentioned the screen. Can you take us through that play, what you did to get Ro open on the screen? And then if you could talk about 25 rebounds, career high.
TEAIRA McCOWAN: Well, on the screen, we set up the play for -- well, they thought we were going to go to Blair. So once I saw everybody shift, I took one fake back and screened for Ro and got her back in the middle of the free-throw line. So I knew she was going to be open when she threw the ball, and Ro knocked down the shot.

As for rebounds, Coach always says, Go get them all. So that's what I try to do, go get them all.

VIC SCHAEFER: Coachable.

Q. Ro, you were 2 out of 5. I think Coach even mentioned that. But you hit maybe the biggest basket in your career. Take us through having the confidence to make that shot. What was going through your mind?
ROSHUNDA JOHNSON: Shooters never give up on a shot. I felt like, even when I was missing, I wasn't going to stop shooting just because I wasn't making any. My teammates got me open. The Coach wrote up an excellent play, and we just had to go out and execute it. When I hit the shot, I mean, it made me 1 for 3 (laughter).

Q. This question is for Victoria. How are you feeling right now? Going back to the championship, what does that mean to you?
VICTORIA VIVIANS: I'm feeling good. I hope they're feeling good too. It means a lot. This is our second time doing it, and we're still making history for our school. I just feel like this year, we're going to have to execute and finish it all out and be on top this time.

Q. Victoria, you were out with four fouls, and they pushed the lead to seven. You came back in, and immediately it was like a 10-0 run. What was it like watching the game start to maybe get away from you, and how were you able to affect the game when you came back in with the four fouls?
VICTORIA VIVIANS: I didn't feel like the game got away from me. I just feel like I had slow down and focus and be mature about what I was doing at the time because my team needed me. When I got back in, I was making smart decisions. I guess in overtime I didn't make a smart decision, and I fouled out. But, hey, my team finished it out well. I'm proud of them.

Q. Teaira, speak of that, Victoria just spoke of a while ago, you guys had that huge win last year and then didn't finish it up. How much has that driven you guys? Everybody keeps talking about how UConn has been driven by that loss, but how much does that drive you all that you didn't finish your business last year?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: It drives us because we didn't do all the small things that Coach talks about. Sometimes as players, we blow Coach off and say we'll do it in the game. Sometimes in the game you can't turn it off like that. So we focused on boxing out, rebounding, playing plays out, and that's gotten us to where we are today.

Q. Coach Walz said you were the biggest difference between the teams, that they were going to try to push you out to keep you off the offensive boards. You only had five shot attempts in the first half. But we've talked all season about the wearing effect. They tried multiple players on you. How much did you sense the wearing effect and picking up steam as the game went on?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: Well, I mean, they were subbing them out, so I didn't really know who I had. So I guess I was wearing them pretty good.

Q. Teaira, congratulations. Just wanted to know whether you had talked to Vic before the game about were you going to be in for the duration. When did you realize you would be potentially playing all 40 and then all 45? And just down the stretch, how you managed to gain speed. Even in OT, you're making those plays that define the game in the final minutes.
TEAIRA McCOWAN: Well, in practice we play bulldog, it's a little scrimmage of five minutes. It's the toughest five minutes ever. That just really prepares me in the game. You don't get any subs. So you're just going three games, five minutes -- four minutes?

VIC SCHAEFER: Four minutes.

TEAIRA McCOWAN: So, yeah, just going and competing.

Q. Teaira, back to you again. I told you in the hall before the game started, I saw you making those faces on television after the -- in the interview at the end of the regional. But what was that look on your face as you -- at the end of the game tonight? It was a scowl? How would you describe it? And what did it mean?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: This one?

Q. Yeah.
TEAIRA McCOWAN: I just was feeling, I was in the moment. Came up with a face.

VIC SCHAEFER: Welcome to my world (laughter).

Q. This is for Victoria. Obviously, you guys tied the game. There was that wild sequence at the end. Did it almost take some pressure off you guys going into overtime? What did you guys say to each other before overtime started?
VICTORIA VIVIANS: Yeah, it take pressure off because we know we're an overtime team. If it's overtime, we say it's our time, it's our game. I feel like everybody just locked in, locked down, and they knew what it was time to do and we came out with the win.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. We'll take questions for Coach Schaefer.

Q. Coach, congratulations. You have so many weapons, but what in that final sequence had you draw the play up for Ro, given what was already said about where she was tonight up until that point?
VIC SCHAEFER: Well, I don't think you can get caught up into where she is tonight. I mean, I've seen that kid for three years now, I've said it for three years. She's a pro. She's going to get to play basketball a long time after Sunday, and she wants to be in that moment. Her and Blair, I could have picked either one, but I really felt like they were going to run with Blair. I thought she'd be a great decoy.

Plus we were on this side, and we brought it back to her left hand. So that was the side that you want to bring it to Ro on. So I just felt really confident. That's a play we've run several times. Not a lot lately. So if you hadn't gone back a ways, you might not get that in your scout. But, again, I thought, when Blair took off across the top, they just -- they were running with her. I knew the back end would come wide open if Tea could just catch half of her, and she caught all of her.

Ro's got to make a shot. Let's face it. It's the biggest shot of the night, of your career, on the biggest stage you're ever going to play on. I don't care where she plays after this. That stage out there tonight is the biggest stage you're ever going to play on in my opinion, and it's going to have the most ramifications. So, you know, I've got a lot of confidence in Roshunda Johnson. She's been somebody we've just been really blessed to have, and she's made the difference in our team many nights, as you know.

Q. Vic, you got big performances from a lot of players tonight, but what Jordan Danberry gave you off the bench, what kind of contribution did she have? And did you expect you'd get as much out of her as you did tonight?
VIC SCHAEFER: I don't think I expected that much. I don't know that I expected her to play 26 minutes. She hasn't played 20 minutes, I don't think, all year. But she was really doing a good job defensively, and we were doing a poor job rebounding.

Jeff, his team is so relentless on the boards. That's their toughness. And we knew going in, we've had two really bad days, y'all, of rebounding in practice, and it's not something we've had an issue with, but we've had two bad days of it, and it reared its ugly head tonight.

Jordan gives us that rebounding edge at the guard spot. But I thought she was doing a really good job on Asia. You know, between her and Ro just trying to rotate fresh people on her, giving her a different look. Both of them maybe lack a little size, but, boy, they bring a lot of quickness and savvy. So just trying to do that.

And at the end of the night, Jordan really was the difference, I think, in a lot of areas for us, both ends, obviously.

Q. Vic, I mean, Tori's had a lot of great games during her career. This seemed like one of her best, just getting you buckets during the tough minutes when it was hard for you guys to find offense. That's not much of a statement -- it's more of a statement than a question, I guess, but she played like an All-American tonight.
VIC SCHAEFER: Yeah, she gets 25, and I wouldn't have guessed she had 25. It was pretty quiet. But she made a couple of big threes when we needed them. You know, her start was not what I wanted it to be. But, again, when you need a bucket, she's a good one to go to. We went with her and Tea both, just trying to isolate them a lot down the stretch.

Victoria's been in that moment, as you know, all her life. You score 5,700 points in your high school career, you've probably done that a bunch, and then she's done it for us for four years. I can't think of anybody better to have the ball in her hands in that moment when you're really dying on the vine and you need a bucket. She's just, you know, tonight struggled a little bit defensively, then picked it up, struggled rebounding a little bit, then picked it up. But just like last year, remember, she fouled out last year in this game. I don't think she's fouled out but twice in two years, and it's both in the semifinals in overtime. Killing me.

Q. With the game that was so passionate and so physical, how do you get your group to regroup for Sunday with a possible rematch of last year?
VIC SCHAEFER: Well, no matter who we play, I think it's real important from this moment on that we do some things a little different. The fact that we were able to play in the first game and not the second game. You know, last year we walked out of this arena, went back to the Loews hotel in Dallas, Texas, and walked through the lobby at 1:35 in the morning, and there were 5,000 people waiting on us. I mean, you talk about an amazing atmosphere, but still you're walking out of there really late.

So tomorrow will be different. Coach Schaefer will do some things different. I already had planned it if we advanced. There's just got to be a way that I need to manage it differently, so we will. You know, our kids, especially those four seniors, they got one left. We've had this opportunity before, didn't go the way we wanted to. It doesn't matter who we play tomorrow, y'all, both those teams are monsters. Super talented, well coached. It's the best of the best. So you'd better be ready.

And I think our kids, you know, we'll do everything we can to get them ready.

Q. In the short time you have to celebrate before Sunday, you can look at Teaira's 25 rebounds, putting you guys in the record books for a Final Four record. Any thoughts on that?
VIC SCHAEFER: Again, she's an All-American. It doesn't surprise me. Just really proud of her development, continue to be proud of her development in so many areas, not just as a basketball player. You know, tonight, we all were out there. I mean, she's got a couple people hanging on her most of the night. That can wear on you a little bit. She was able to really control her emotions, I thought, tonight in a really positive way. That's some growth for her.

So proud of her. But am I surprised? I'd have to say, no, I've seen her get 30 and 20 in our league. The kid's done it night after night after night. So she's a warrior. If there's a better five player in the country, y'all bring her. I'd like to see her because she is an absolute monster. I love her to death. I'm not trading her for anybody.

Q. Vic, I think you guys kind of arrived in the eyes of the, I guess, general sports fan public last year with that win over UConn, but then to follow that up with the season you guys have had and another thrilling national semifinal. What does that say about not just your program this year, but the direction your program is headed in and how much more you guys can grow?
VIC SCHAEFER: I think anything we've done this year validates last year. You know, like I've said many times, I wasn't hired at Mississippi State to bring them a top 25 basketball team. I was hired to bring them a top 10 program, which you have to understand at my university women's basketball is very important. They give us, in women's basketball, all the resources that we need to be where we are right now.

Now, what you also have to know is my fan base has changed in six years. Our first game might have had this many people at it six years ago. Now we have 10,000 tonight. They all thought going into September practice, October, this is going to happen. If this hadn't have happened, the sky was going to fall in Starkville, I'm telling you. They thought we were going to show up, and we're going back to the Final Four. It doesn't obviously work that way.

But our administration, our president, our athletic director -- there's so much that goes into this, and you have to have the support of everyone because you can't do it unless those people in a university are supporting you. And I think what we've shown the country is that, when you get the support of the right people and there's an investment in a program, this is what can happen. You can be in Final Fours. You can play for National Championships. You can have 10,000 a night at your games. You can have a passionate fan base that make the Final Four so special for everybody. I'm telling you, I couldn't be prouder. I couldn't be prouder to be at Mississippi State, to coach this team. The good Lord has blessed us in so many ways. I think, for us, this is the new norm.

Q. Congratulations. I'm just curious, you have never hesitated to substitute players in and out. You pulled starters. You even did it tonight with Victoria. Teaira McCowan plays all 45. Did you know going in that short of foul trouble, she was going to play all 45? Why is she so indispensable for this team?
VIC SCHAEFER: I don't think I go into any ball game thinking -- you know, I don't have any minute number, but Teaira's played a lot of minutes for us. Most games, she's logging 36-plus. I need to be better getting her out with 30 seconds before media, just to get her that extra time. But you're in a ball game like this against a great team like Jeff's, I can see me taking her out, and Jeff going after my redshirt sophomore Zion down there because that's the kind of coach -- I mean, he's a great coach, and he's got great players, and he's smart.

So I think that's in the back of my head. And you know what, you want to see a scowl, take Teaira McCowan out of a game. She don't like it. It doesn't matter if we're up 20 or down 20. She does not want to come out of the game. So for her, I just think it's where she is, it's where we are. I'd like to get her some time here and there, but it's really hard sometimes when you're in a knock down, drag out.

You know what, that's what makes me so proud of that kid, and, of course, Coach Harris, who's brought her along and developed her. She wants to. Most big kids are going, hey, Coach. They want out. Give me a blow. I'm tired. She's not that way. She wants to play. And I got a whole team of kids like that really, though, to be honest with you. Victoria didn't like coming out tonight either, trust me. But I needed to have a word with her, get her calmed down a little bit, and she's right back in.

I thought it worked a little bit because she came back in and took a better shot. Her first two shots, I thought were a little off the chart. I want them on my chart, not her chart. So I thought she settled in after that and really made some good decisions.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

VIC SCHAEFER: Praise the Lord and Go Dogs.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Arike, you said yesterday that you didn't remember the first meeting between these two teams. Do you think you'll remember this one a little bit more?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: I think a little bit, just a little bit.

Q. Arike, could you describe what the plan was for the last shot, and did you end your -- take us through that one.
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: That definitely wasn't the play call.

JESSICA SHEPARD: Do you know what it was?

ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: Like we switched who was going to take the ball out two or three times, me and Jackie. And then Jess had the open lane, and Marina got it. And I was like, I guess I'll go get it, and my team trusted me to have the ball at the end.

Q. Did you know going in you made the shot?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: I mean, it felt good. I didn't know it was going in, but it felt good.

Q. Arike, I think you missed two free throws a little before that. Was it sort of redemption you could have put the game away then but now you hit the shot that everyone is going to remember for this game?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: Yeah, I can't really dwell on the two free throws. I have to just think next play.

Q. Jess, you know, you came to UConn as a freshman playing University of Nebraska. Talk about how much you had to learn that day. Do you feel like your journey has led you to this, and what do you think you've learned that got you to a point where you can come in and beat them tonight?
JESSICA SHEPARD: I think the UConn game my freshman year was a big wakeup call for me. As Geno said, I was out of shape and that's why I was missing the easy shots that I'd normally put in. For me, coming in this year I knew that was something that I wasn't going to let that happen. Just an unreal feeling to be playing for the National Championship on Sunday. It's unbelievable.

Q. This question is for Jackie and Arike. Guys, what gave you the confidence and faith that you guys were going to pull this out even after UConn takes back two five-point leads in regulation and overtime?
THE MODERATOR: Do you want to start that, Jackie.

JACKIE YOUNG: I think the coaches just really prepared us for this moment. They didn't let us get too hyped up whenever we had a lead. I think we were able to really just keep our composure and just get the job done.

ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: Yeah, I think sadly we've been in this position a lot when we were down by a big margin. I guess it really helped for this game because we were used to it. We've had to overcome large deficits before, so we didn't get down on ourselves.

Q. I've got a few for Jackie. First, two points against Connecticut in December. How do you account for getting 32 tonight? And when did you realize that you were on and going to be on fire? And one more question after those.
JACKIE YOUNG: I mean, from the start, they just left me open. And I think I hit my first shot, and after that, we came back down, and they just kept leaving me open. I was able to get going.

Q. How did it feel, after winning a state championship in high school, to win both state and a National Championship, if you can do that Sunday?
JACKIE YOUNG: Yeah, it would be a great feeling. Not many people have the chance to do that. The coaches are going to prepare us for Sunday. I think we'll get the job done on Sunday. It's really just coming out strong Sunday and just finishing the game.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. We'll continue with questions for Coach McGraw.

Q. Muffet, tell us about the last play, what the design was, what the plan was.
MUFFET McGRAW: The plan was to get Arike to go one-on-one and drive to the basket. We didn't think they'd foul. Tie game, we didn't want to put her on the free-throw line. We didn't want to isolate her on the wing. She had a little trouble getting the ball. Took a little while. We wanted to use a little clock and shoot with five seconds left. We were trying to run the clock down. Fortunately, the way they were playing defensively, we had no choice but to use the clock.

I probably should thank every catholic from coast to coast for all the prayers on Good Friday at the end of that game.

Q. I mean, you've played UConn 48 times now and just you had a lot of really good games. Where do you put this one in the lore of this rivalry?
MUFFET McGRAW: This is, I think, the second or third time we've beat them in the semifinal. That's been our lucky charm. Can't seem to beat them in the final. But this one, I mean, to come from behind -- well, to have a big lead, squander that, come from behind, and with this team -- I mean, this one's really special. It's got to be the best one.

Q. Muffet, you know you have a talented team, and you know you're not very deep, but what did they show you tonight that maybe you haven't even seen yet to this point in the season?
MUFFET McGRAW: I thought our zone was really good tonight. I thought we were active. We moved well. I thought we did a lot of really good things. We were on it with the press. We switched man to man at times, and we were really aware of where the shooters were. That's something we haven't done a great job of. But I think the resilience just really shines through and the fighting spirit that we had tonight.

Q. Muffet, I'm just curious, as far as Jess goes, to be able to get her and get her to be able to play immediately, you know what we're dealing with, you talked about it back in the fall, but have you reflected on how significant that turned out to be, especially being down so many players?
MUFFET McGRAW: Probably I would say every game, we have a toast to the state of Nebraska and Jessica Shepard for being with us because we wouldn't be here without her.

Q. Muffet, can you appreciate what kind of showcase this was tonight?
MUFFET McGRAW: Unbelievable. First time we've ever had two overtime games in the Final Four. Definitely set a record for what time the game finished. I think just great basketball. Both games, hard fought battles and exciting for the fans. That had to be a great TV game both times.

Q. Muffet, you've been in this game for a while. You said yesterday that Jackie Young might be the best guard in the history of Notre Dame when it's all said and done. I'm guessing tonight's game adds to that potential.
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, she showed what she can do. She definitely has the ability, and I'm so excited now. Maybe this will be kind of the first step for her to continue to be aggressive offensively.

Q. Coach, after they switched their defense up a couple times, what do you think your team realized, or what did they recognize to then kind of settle down and stabilize a little bit?
MUFFET McGRAW: They were changing defenses on us a little bit. I think that we didn't handle it as well as we could have in the second quarter in particular. We had some openings, and we weren't able to see them. We talked about it a little bit in the time-outs and at halftime. That bothered us a bit, the way they came out. And they're just so long. That was difficult. And I'm rambling because I've forgotten your question. I'm sorry.

Q. Just was part of that your forwards, Jess and Kathryn, they had 14 assists. Was that something they recognized as the game went on?
MUFFET McGRAW: Our posts are really good passers, and the way we run the defense from the elbow, it requires them to look for each other. Jess got double-teamed and found somebody open. I think that's definitely a big part of it, the way they have the vision to pass the ball.

Q. Coach, four players go down with ACL tears. What would you have said if someone said you have four players out with ACL tears and you'd still win the National Championship Game?
MUFFET McGRAW: I didn't think we'd have more ACL tears than losses. I think it's just an amazing accomplishment for this team and the resilience they've shown all year.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. I'm hoping you can take me through around the moments finding out that Jessica Shepard was immediately eligible, what your recruiting was like. She really was so much a product of the state of Nebraska her entire life and through college. What that transition has been like behind the scenes.
MUFFET McGRAW: I think that initially she's good friends with Brianna Turner, and she knew Arike and Marina from USAA basketball. So she had a level of comfort and probably why she made the initial call to us. Then coming on campus, felt really comfortable with the girls.

The transition for her, I thought was seamless. She really, from the first day of practice, was the one that was encouraging the freshmen. She picked things up really quickly. She has a great basketball IQ, really understood the game. So that part was pretty seamless.

The hard part for us was we didn't want to put in a lot of new stuff and run things for her, not knowing if she was going to play or not. The day of our exhibition game, I was home. Got a call from Jill Bodensteiner, and she said Jess is eligible. I know I was screaming and jumping up and down and couldn't wait to get started and retool the offense to accommodate her.

But it was just a great day because really, without her, I mean, we have six scholarship players, and I don't know where we would have been.

Q. Coach, a lot of talk about how Mississippi State pulled off the upset and they were out until about 4:00 in the morning enjoying the win and such. I'm guessing you guys, you've done this before, business as usual after the game and got an early night's sleep and such?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, it was a late night, just getting back to the hotel, getting something to eat. I think the problem was falling asleep. I think that was the problem. Everybody was trying. They slept in this morning, and that was good. Beth was up all night watching film, but overall I think everybody feels pretty good today.

Q. You've been in Mississippi State's position before where you're coming back after being the runner-up last year. I wonder what that does to a team's mindset, if that changes anything going into a championship game. And if I could ask a followup, how much of a difference does mindset make in a title game where you were two teams that are so well prepared and so talented.
MUFFET McGRAW: Nobody on my team has been in this position. I guess possibly Kat and Coco. It's all about the mindset. Really it's all about this is a game, two teams coming in playing for a National Championship. They were here last year. They know what it's like.

So for us, I think just a matter of continuing to do what we've been doing and not let the pressure of the moment get to us.

Q. UConn obviously left Jackie open last night. What do you do with her heading into this game with Mississippi State knowing that she can score 32 points?
MUFFET McGRAW: I don't think they're going to leave her open. I think it will be a little different defensively. I'm just so proud of her, for her. She is somebody that has always been almost like a secret weapon. She's had huge games. She was the MVP of our Gulf Coast Classic where we beat South Florida and South Carolina. She's played well in a lot of big games. And even when she doesn't have a lot of points, she seems to hit dagger shots when we really needed them over this past weekend in the Sweet 16.

But she's capable of taking over. I think she defers a little bit to Arike and Marina. But I think she proved last night she's as good as anybody.

Q. McGowan is such a dominant post. As you try to devise a way to defend her, how does her ability to pass out of the post complicate matters?
MUFFET McGRAW: She has 17 assists on the season. So we're hoping that she doesn't add too much to that total. But she is a force inside, tremendous player. Works the boards like nobody I've ever seen. I mean, she is a tremendous rebounder. Just a phenomenal player inside. She's so dominant, both ends of the floor. She's a tough matchup. We haven't faced anybody like that. I mean, A'ja Wilson was really mobile and did a lot more away from the basket, but just the sheer size.

We have a player in the league, I think, that's big, but not quite as wide and as dominating as she is. So, yeah, that's going to be a first for us. So tough matchup.

Q. Just to follow up on that, what do you do? How do you contain McCowan?
MUFFET McGRAW: I don't know that you can. You've got to try to get a body on her, but she's just so darn big that you can't outjump her. We've got to try to keep her off. She does such a great job with her body of getting great position. So I don't know. We have a couple of plans that we'll go to, and hopefully one of them will work.

Q. Following up on the Jackie Young question, obviously, great scorer in high school, but there's always an adjustment period. What steps or what things has she done in the last two years to become the scorer maybe that we saw last night? Or how has her game developed and evolved from those beginning days?
MUFFET McGRAW: I thought she came back and was the most improved player in the summer. I could tell immediately how much time she spent on her game, and she worked on driving the ball. She can go either way. She really was able to take people off the dribble and finish with contact, which is something not a lot of women can do. I was really pleased with that.

She didn't shoot as much as even her freshman year. So we tried to get her to look at the basket, but people were guarding her. So she was taking them off the dribble. Her game is kind of -- it's still evolving. I think there's a couple games where she made some big threes. I'd like to see her shoot more of them. She's just really comfortable doing either one. So hopefully, she'll take advantage again.

Q. Also a question about Jackie Young. I believe that I've read that you've compared her to some of the greatest players to come through your program and that she might even surpass some of those players like a Skylar Diggins. What have you seen in her development that has led you to believe that that will be the case?
MUFFET McGRAW: You know, I think she's most like Kayla McBride on her team, and she can play the one, three, four position, so she's got versatility. I think the thing she does that doesn't get talked about a lot is the way she rebounds. She can get inside offensively especially. She can go up against anyone and finish in the lane, but she's just a tough matchup because she moves really well without the ball. She's got probably the best vision on our team in terms of finding people for assists.

So I think that she has the ability to -- she has no real weaknesses in her game. She can defend, she can rebound, and she can score. She can pass. She can handle. So she can do all these things, I think, as well as anybody we've ever had.

Q. I also wanted to ask you a little bit about Jessica Shepard. Looked like she might have gotten a little banged up yesterday. How is she feeling? Obviously, she got through yesterday, but how is she feeling?
MUFFET McGRAW: I don't know that she'll practice today. I think she's probably just going to take it easy. Her and Kat will both be sitting on the sidelines. I'm not sure how much time we'll put in today, a little bit of a walk through maybe. Everybody is a little bit banged up. One more day and just got to give it your all.

Q. Coach, Victoria Vivians has really improved her shooting percentage, has become a more efficient player this year. I wonder if you could comment on how tough it is to guard her at 6'1", things she can do offensively. And then also what you've seen of her defensively because she's improved that aspect of her game too.
MUFFET McGRAW: She's just a great all around player. She's going to be a really tough matchup for us. When you have somebody with her size that can also put it on the floor and take it to the rim, she is shooting the ball very well. She can do pretty much whatever she wants offensively. She's just really hard to guard. Defensively, she's a great presence for them. Their whole team, great pressure defense. I think Vic does a great job just with their defense and getting up and getting on the ball.

She's an All-American for a really good reason. She is just a great player.

Q. Obviously, you don't stop McCowan with just one player, but I'm wondering if you've talked with Jessica a little bit about what you're going to need from her inside to kind of take charge and slow down McCowan. You mentioned last night that you wouldn't be here without Jessica, so, obviously, she's going to be important for you tomorrow. Have you had a conversation with her about what you're going to need?
MUFFET McGRAW: We have. It is literally a tall order. I think she's got -- Jess has the strength, I think, to help, but we're going to need to bring some help, and that's really hard to do, the way they shoot the ball. So they're going to spread you out, four out one end, and make it really tough for us to defend her. But Jess and Coco both are going to have that assignment.

Q. Muffet, you mentioned before just Vic Schaefer's team, Mississippi State, they're going to play a lot of man, apply a lot of pressure. How do you think your team matches up to that offensively?
MUFFET McGRAW: I think we've gotten better at it. I think that they're a great defensive team. We haven't seen that kind of pressure as often. I think Louisville is that kind of team defensively as well. So we have had a little experience facing that. We've got to rely on our -- kind of our bringing up by committee. You know, I don't think one person will have the job of trying to attack their pressure. So we'll just see if we can figure out who's going to have the best chance of getting the ball over half-court.

Q. Coach, remember being in South Bend in January when you played Tennessee and you were down, I think it was 20 at the half, whatever the number was, and came back with an unbelievable win. Do you think that started the belief in yourselves? I think the Louisville game was the week before that didn't go that way. That this team thought, okay, maybe we do have something here, we can get this going, and now you're sitting one win away from the championship?
MUFFET McGRAW: Absolutely. Tennessee was the turning point of our season. I think the biggest thing was we got a renewed commitment to defense. We played our zone and played it a little differently. We played it well.

So in the second half they could see defense can translate to offense, and it can translate to winning. That changed our mindset. I think we went into games knowing we could score, but now with the defense, we thought we could be a pretty good team.

Q. Coach, a long time ago, 2011, you guys haven't faced Mississippi State, but you did face a Vic Schaefer defense in a championship game back in 2011 with Texas A&M. What are the things that are just characteristic about defenses he coaches that make it tough?
MUFFET McGRAW: He's got just a great mind for defensive philosophy. He, obviously, is great at practice, getting his team to do exactly what he wants them to do. They are pressure all the time. They take a lot of pride in their defense. That's probably the thing that he instills in them is how much pride they take in their defense. I think they're known for it.

He is somebody that I have great respect for, and I know that he's done a great job at Mississippi State to bring that program to where it is now from where they were when he got there. Two years in a row in the Final Four is not easy, and he's really done a fabulous job.

Q. Muffet, just a little more about Jess. Two parts to this. One, the fact that she's such an effective passer for you, how significant is that on a team where you need a lot of people to do more than the usual, you know, with a short bench? But also, when you think about sort of where she can be given that this is her transfer year, and so she's sort of done this all on the fly. Do you see her shooting threes the way she did in Nebraska for you down the line? Where does her game go from here?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, she's really just scratching the surface. We like her at the elbow in the Princeton offense because she is such a good passer, and that offense is kind of geared to have a center that can really pass. So she's doing a great job there.

She is going to start stepping out and shooting for jumpers, I think, next year. This year we really needed her around the basket. When she steps out, we don't have a lot of rebounding inside, and that offense is not really geared for that. So I think next year she'll work all summer. She does get in the gym and shoots a lot, but I would like to see her step out and do a little bit more.

With Brianna coming back next year, obviously, we'd have somebody on the inside.

Q. Coach, you guys have now beaten UConn four times in the national semifinals. In the previous three, you went on to a National Championship. The other two didn't. Can you talk about the difficulty of when you have that? I know both teams had overtime games last night. But when you have tough, emotional semifinal games, coming back from that, you've had that experience even if these kids haven't, and how do you implement that?
MUFFET McGRAW: It's really tough. 2011, we beat Tennessee in the regional, came in and beat Connecticut. Nobody had ever beaten them back to back. It was like we were done. We were spent. That was all the emotion that we had. We just never really recovered from it. And I think it was similar -- any time you beat Connecticut, because of the dominance of their program, it's just such an emotional win. It makes it really hard to kind of get back to work. You feel like that should have been the championship game. We should be going home right now.

So it is, it's a lot of emotion. It's a lot of adrenaline. It's a lot just, you know, on the mental part of your game. So it really is hard to come back and try gather yourself just with one day in between. Not a lot of time.

Q. Go Yankees. How did they do last night?
MUFFET McGRAW: I don't know. That first night that guy hit a couple of home runs.

Q. Good start by Stanton.
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah.

Q. Congratulations. Good luck tomorrow. I asked some of your student-athletes about not feeling sorry for yourself with all the injuries. You talked about resilience and how that's a good word. What have you talked to them about, about not feeling sorry? Because that's so easy to do.
MUFFET McGRAW: We actually didn't really talk about it at all. We just constantly focus on what we have, what we can do, who's going to step up, how are the roles changing? What do you need to do now? We never even talked about where we could be or what we should be thinking. We just kept focusing them on the future.

Q. Coach, you've had teams where I think you've denied odds to get here. You've had years where you expected to get here. Where you sort of knock on the door a lot, is that -- how emotionally difficult is that for a coach? Because like you said, in some years you've done everything except get the National Championship. Or have you just sort of grinded through that even though there's disappointments?
MUFFET McGRAW: You know, I think I define success as achieving your potential. So if we get to a year where we get to the Final Four and maybe that's the potential of the team. We've had a couple of those years where we got to the final that I really felt like that was one that got away. There was probably two of those. So I think -- you know, for this group, this is their first time. I try to look at it from their point of view, of first time here. Let's see what happens.

Q. A lot is made of the injuries, but I haven't seen anything about the status of the young ladies who are not playing. You touched on Brianna, about her coming back. Can you just let us know where they are in their respective paths back. I haven't seen everybody. I imagine they're here with you.
MUFFET McGRAW: Well, Mikayla Vaughn is way ahead of schedule. She's doing really well. Mychal Johnson, way ahead of schedule. Mychal will be graduating, though, she will not be coming back. Lili Thompson exhausted her eligibility, so she won't be coming back. So we have two coming back and two graduating.

Q. I don't want to assume, but if I could just leave it as a general question, for teams that might play zone against a team with as many three-point shooters and then with, obviously, McCowan inside, what are the challenges that you guys have to do? Because I know you said after the Tennessee game, that was a very important game for you guys defensively to know that you could guard. I'm assuming that will present a pretty big challenge for you guys tomorrow.
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, I didn't think we'd be able to play as much zone as we did last night. You look at Connecticut. They're a great three-point shooting team that can all shoot. We thought, let's give it a try. See what happens. See how long we stay in it. And we ended up staying in it a good part of the game.

We're a team that we can't get into foul trouble. We've got to play a couple of possessions of it. We'll see what happens. But it is a tough matchup with their three-point shooters.

Q. Muffet, you've been to a lot of Final Fours as coaching in them and just going to them. It seems that Columbus has done a really nice job so far. It was really electric, sold out a month in advance. Just what have you noticed from this city's first Final Four and what it's brought so far.
MUFFET McGRAW: This has been the best that we've seen in a long time. I think from the -- just from the people in the city, the organizing committee, the local organizing committee, what they've done. Everything's been first class.

The salute dinner was the best we've ever been to in all the years we've been here. I think everybody's gotten behind it. The crowd was phenomenal. Hopefully, they'll all come back for Sunday night's game.

But two great basketball games with a lot of excitement. I couldn't be more pleased with the way everything is here, from the facilities, hotels, and everything.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. When you were at this point last year you had just come off the historic, unbelievable thing that no one outside of your locker room thought was going to happen. Is it easier this year that there wasn't that monumental upset to get to the championship game? It was obviously a great game last night but not that magnitude to focus and get ready for the title game that maybe last year would have been?
COACH SCHAEFER: Sure. I think that's yet to be determined as far as how we respond. We know we're going against a tremendous Notre Dame team. Muffet is a tremendous coach. Her and her staff do a tremendous job. And so we know we're in -- people say, well, you thought you might -- they might have thought, we might have thought we'd play Connecticut.

The only thing worse than playing Connecticut is playing the team that beat them. They're really good. Notre Dame is a heck of a team. And you know what? Coming in we had an assistant already prepared in case that happened. I knew they played earlier in the year. It was heck of a game. In fact Notre Dame led most of the way.

So we fully knew that what happened last night could happen. And so we're prepared for that. But hopefully, like I told our kids, what we're going to do today -- I thought last year we got beat because we looked tired the second day. Now, whether that was from emotional distress, from, you know, just coming off the high, or if we were just physically exhausted, which I don't think it is, whatever the case, I can control that today. And I'm going to control that by what we do in practice. That's something that I will control.

Q. Coming off that high, have you had a chance to check in with your team mentally today and see how they're doing today after last night's late night? And does going through that last year, kind of experiencing the highs and lows of that emotion, do you think that will help this time around?
COACH SCHAEFER: You know what, I haven't had a chance. Last night I think I left the film room at 3:30. I was up at 6:30 this morning. Victoria received the Ann Meyers Drysdale Award this morning, so we were at that award presentation. We left the hotel at 7:20. I've been with her all morning.

I just got back here 20 minutes ago. My starters are here now, but the rest of my team isn't here yet. I haven't seen them. The only thing I've done is check in with Julie, my trainer, on an injury report because I had some kids get dinged up last night a little bit. So I wanted a full report on them.

I'll see them here when we get done and check in with them. But we played basically seven kids last night. So five of them are here. They seem pretty good.

Q. You talk a lot about how the loss, 98-38, two years ago planted the seeds --
COACH SCHAEFER: And I'm never going to outrun that, am I? That's okay.

Q. But in that game, Teaira McCowan in particular was essentially your most effective player by far. I'm wondering what you saw that day and what you remember that made you see or think that she could be what she is now?
COACH SCHAEFER: That's a great question and the answer is that day she was about the only one that I felt like on my team that wasn't intimidated in Bridgeport. It was 14,000 people in there, they're all wearing blue. And she was the only one that, to me, functioned that day -- wasn't intimidated, competed, and just didn't seem like she was bright-eyed and wooed, just in awe, not wooed, but in awe.

I walked out of there that day feeling really good about her from that standpoint, competitively. And then it was a matter of us going to work and developing her, which Johnnie has done a tremendous job with.

So it's a great question and I've always said, to me, that was my turning point with her is when I felt like she was going to be what she is now, because that day she wasn't intimidated, by the crowd, by who she was playing against. She didn't care. And she really to me displayed that that day.

Q. Can you go back a year with Tori when she was in that shooting slump and you kept trying to tell her you can get through this, but eventually she and some of the starters ended up moving them to the bench and coming off? Can you go back to that and then everything she's done since then, the work she did in the summer and the way she's kept her shooting percentage all this year? I feel like nobody's probably upped her draft stock more than she has this year.
COACH SCHAEFER: When she's in that slump we looked at a lot of film, and the film shows shot selection more than anything. Her form's always been great. She's a big-time, high-rise jump shooter. Hard to get to her. Big frame. It's not mechanics for her a lot of times; it's just selection sometimes and the contested shot.

Last night her first two shots they were in her shot chart, they just weren't necessarily in mine. So that was something that I wanted to -- and again it's just because the kid's trying, for nothing else. And again you've got to know I've seen her make those same two shots a hundred times in her career, and I saw her make them a hundred times in high school with three people hanging on her.

And so for her, it's just been showing film, showing shot selection, hey, there's a hand in your face, you're contested heavily. Or, hey, you're settling here, look who is guarding you, go get you a 10-footer instead of the 22-footer.

As far as this summer, I just think the maturity of her, her confidence, she's got a presence. People talk about swag all the time, swagger. It's hard to have swag if you don't have a skill set. I've heard coaches say, well, we've lost our swagger. Well you've lost three in a row. It's hard to have swagger when you've lost three in a row.

I think she's got a presence about her. She's very comfortable when we put her at the 4. She's not only adapted to the mismatch that she has on offense, but she knows there's been some mismatches she's had defensively. And I think that adds to her confidence, her ability to defend better and impact the game.

She's rebounding at a high level, over six a game. So I think, again, in the summer we do a good job, I think, my staff does of maximizing our two hours a week for eight weeks. We don't try to wear them out. But we kind of space that out over a week where it might be four 30-minute workouts or three 40-minute workouts. We really pay attention to detail. We're a big technique program.

Q. What do you know about Jackie Young and did you know about her before last night?
COACH SCHAEFER: Yeah, I mean, I know she's had some big games for them. She's explosive, very -- just a heck of a player. They've got so many weapons. All those kids can really score, and her in particular, again. Again, I think explosive is the best word. She can get to you a number of ways. And again I think they're playing with a lot of confidence as well.

Q. I saw you sitting on press row last night watching the game, scouting, obviously. As you were going and watching it did you take for a second as a fan going, wow, this is great to watch? I mean, I'd pay money to sit and watch these two teams go at it and play basketball?
COACH SCHAEFER: Absolutely. I was complaining about my seat because I was so low and sitting behind people I couldn't see that well. It was a heck of a game. You're talking about two great coaches in our industry who have had so much success, and great players out there making plays left and right. And it just makes you proud to be a part of this industry.

So it was a heck of a game, great for our game. And one team made one more play than the other. That's what it came down to. One play. So did I enjoy it as a fan, probably not, because I'm throwing up, worrying about it -- it didn't matter who I was going to play. I'd be worried about it for the next two days. That's just who I am because I have such tremendous respect for both those programs. But it was certainly an outstanding game.

Q. If you go back to 2011 when you were at A&M, you were designing the defense to go against Muffet. I know Mississippi State hasn't played Notre Dame, but you've played her in a championship game. Could you talk about, even though the personnel is entirely different, what are the things about Notre Dame that are still the same, and how difficult is it to scheme against them?
COACH SCHAEFER: You know, they're so -- to me they just have so many weapons offensively and they have so many ways they can score. They're smart. I'll tell you what they do well, they pass interiorly well -- in the lane, 10 feet, five feet -- they're just really good, they're smart and heady, even I think their leadership really stands out especially when you go through what they've gone through.

They have tremendous leadership, and that starts at the top, it starts on the bench with that coaching staff. I think you just admire that. I think from the standpoint of maturity, leadership, I think they all have a presence. And that's what their program is about, that's what our program is about; we want our kids to have a presence.

I think offensively they're multidimensional. You just can't really help (indiscernible) -- so you've got to win some one-on-one battles.

Q. Specifically what are some of the things you're going to do differently today than you did last year?
COACH SCHAEFER: Sure. I just mentioned it to my seniors and they screamed for the team doctor, because they think -- I knew they would -- they've thought I've lost my mind.

We're not going to go out there and kill ourselves out in practice, number one. We're going to really spend a lot of time stretching and especially with those kids that played a lot of minutes last night. We're obviously going to shoot a lot. We still haven't really shot it well. So we're going to shoot a lot.

And we'll go through their stuff and we'll go through our stuff and that will be it. That's unusual for me because I'm typically a drill guy, a fundamental guy for 30, 45 minutes of practice. We're going to do that come heck or high water. Probably going to bypass that today.

Q. You've got Victoria for one more game then she's going to move on to presumably a pro career. What kind of pro do you think she's going to make as a rookie? And do you get her ready for that pro career while you're also, you know, fitting her into what you're doing in your season?
COACH SCHAEFER: I think, you know, if you've watched us play, you've watched me coach her, anything and everything I've ever talked to her about, dealt with her in coaching, in game, out of game, I'm trying to get her ready for that next level, realizing that the next level is you've got to produce, you've got to do it their way or they'll find somebody that will.

And so I think for her, number one, she's going to be a great pro. When all she's got to do is worry about wake up in the morning take care of her body and eat right and go work out and not have to worry about -- right now she's up at seven every morning and dealing with one-year-olds. Been doing it all semester. That's part of her internship.

She tells me she's not changing diapers but she's doing everything else. You know, she does that all day until she gets to practice this semester. But just being able to focus on her job. I think she's still a long way from being the player that she can be. I think she's really good right now. I think she's going to be a heck of a pro.

The longer she's been with me, she's gone from being that volume shooter and gotta score to now understanding what shot selection is and enjoying the pass and the assist and being able to make it. In her high school career, y'all, I'm telling you, if I didn't see it 10 times, I saw it a hundred times, if she passed the ball there was a timeout, her coach met her at half court and she got a chewing.

I've got to break that. It's hard to break when someone's chewed out for passing the ball all their career. So she's learned to enjoy the assist. And we've put players with her that can finish.

So she's going to be a heck of a pro. No doubt in my mind. And going to do exactly what you want her to do all day, every day.

Q. You referenced Notre Dame's struggles with injuries a little earlier. How hard is that as a coach to overcome? And what do you have to do when you have to change players that many times?
COACH SCHAEFER: Well, a blessing for her is she's still had some pretty good players there to play. So I think for her it's the chemistry piece. And then it's the you've got to really, the wear and tear piece over the course of a grueling season.

You know, we've not played very many kids either. And so you've got to really do the maintenance piece and make sure those kids are staying healthy and taking care of themselves, too. You've got to educate them on eat and sleep and all that.

So, again, let's talk about the kids that are there. Boy, they're really good, talented. A lot of McDonald's All-Americans there. So they've been able to really overcome it and I think the biggest piece is just the chemistry piece with the kids maybe playing more minutes than maybe they were going to play and then just the maintenance of playing at such a high level all year long.

They have really been able to do that. And, again, you play the schedule they play, play the schedule we play, and it is a long, hard grind this season that we call basketball. It's the only sport on campus that goes both semesters. If you're doing your job, we start conditioning at our place, it starts in late August because we start school in the middle.

And if you're doing your job you're playing on April 1st. Today is March 30th. So I think that's the thing that people miss about basketball. It's really -- it's hard on these kids. And, oh, by the way, we're going to go to class and graduate and do all that and have good grade point averages.

Q. Apologize if you've been asked this, but last year I know you had a really crazy night at the semifinals, you had the celebration and all and went back to the hotel, had to sign autographs. Might have gone to bed about 4.00 a.m. or something. How much different is it this year to play that early game, scout, go home, get a little bit of rest, and get this day -- how much different does this feel this year as opposed to last year?
COACH SCHAEFER: It doesn't feel any different to me because I was in there, I said it earlier, I was in the film room at 3:30 going, I did this last year, how is this happening again? But I realize my kids had been to bed where they hadn't been last year.

Our kids got to bed quite a bit earlier obviously this year. And I've talked to my starters this morning. And they said they feel, they're fine and they did get some rest. So I think it will be, from that standpoint, hopefully it won't be as difficult.

You know what, the opponent hadn't changed, though. Still a heck of an opponent. Great program. Well-coached and great players. So we've still got to go play.

Q. Last year in the postgame press conference after losing to South Carolina you mentioned that you thought you'll be back, but you also talked about like the confetti and that's something you're looking forward to. Have you thought about this year, just that feeling of getting that far and coming up just short? And is it something you kind of look back to and use to hopefully avenge this tomorrow?
COACH SCHAEFER: Well, I mean, we've not dodged talking about winning championships at Mississippi State, whether it's Southeastern Conference championships or winning a national championship. We've talked all year about unfinished business.

But it's one thing to talk the talk; you've got to walk the walk. And I think these kids have walked it every day in practice, preparation for games, in games. And here we are again, we're in that game. We're in the last game.

So I do think that our kids have been prepared for this moment. They've wanted to be in this moment. And last night's a great indication of how bad they want to be. You talk about toughness. You know, we have a saying, when it gets too tough for everybody else, that's when it gets about right for us. It was just about right last night. And so I think we've embraced that. And we've lived it.

Q. You talked about having the feeling like you've had a target on your back as a team, playing undefeated for a long time. Is there any way in which tomorrow's night is a bit of a relief -- you're here, you got to the place you wanted to be, you kind of survived that gauntlet? Is there a bit of a relief to get there as well?
COACH SCHAEFER: I don't think so. I think our kids, you know, they want to be in tomorrow night's game and they want to win. If we don't. I think there's going to be a lot of disappointment. I think our kids are emotionally invested in trying to win a national championship. They have been since day one.

So while it's great to be here, you know -- some teams you just want to make the NCAA Tournament. Other teams they're interested in that seeding and hosting. Other teams are interested in this day. I think we've been interested in tomorrow for a long time.

Q. It was an amazing day yesterday for basketball. And both games going into overtime, just all the theatrics and dramatic finishes. When you go through a day like that and now you have a championship to play, what is that like to be a part of that and the challenge of building on an amazing day of basketball and now trying to go out and now win the whole thing?
COACH SCHAEFER: Well, certainly, as a coach, I'm proud of my sport. And again I thought it was a wonderful environment, all four teams provided, their fans provided for our sport. And so it's a great day. We did our part. Now for us we're in the game now. What do you have left?

We have a saying: "One more." We've got one more. But also the one more means one more when you're playing -- one more rebound, one more toughness play, one more charge, one more steal, one more stop, one more -- it's just one more. It's going to take a one more tomorrow for somebody. And so for us it's, I think that's where we are right now, it's one more.

Q. I think last year you played in the finals you played a team you knew inside and out, it was South Carolina, your SEC rival. Is it easier or harder to play a team you've never played before, that the kids don't know who the opponent is, as far as -- that well? Or is it something new and the tension of this is who we have to play against and that sort of thing?
COACH SCHAEFER: Sure. For me, obviously, it's a familiarity. So when you have such a short turnaround, maybe somebody you've played, it helps. Obviously we've never played Notre Dame. I played them in 2011, but, I mean, that's completely, a long time ago.

So I think it's the challenge -- again I told my staff again last night, hey, this is where we do our job and we do it really well -- the one-day prep, getting our kids ready, putting them in a position to be successful.

I have so much confidence in my staff and I know they're going to be -- we're going to put our kids in a great position. It's our time to make sure we do our job so our kids can do their job.

Q. I have a very short first question then a follow-up if you don't mind. What is your why?
COACH SCHAEFER: What's my why?

Q. Do you understand what I'm referring to?
COACH SCHAEFER: You give it to me.

Q. You said you've asked the kids what is their why as to why Mississippi State can win or should win or whatever word you want, verb you want to use, a national championship. What is your why?
COACH SCHAEFER: Again, I think for us our why has been all year why us? Why not us? We're good enough. We're tough enough. I think our skill set's good enough. So we talked about that earlier in the year when we lost a couple of kids to injury and all that.

That doesn't affect -- to me it didn't affect us and put us in a bad spot. So why not us? And the answer is we're good enough. Now, we've got to go play a great team. But in my mind two years ago I told the team before we played I thought we had a Final Four team. This year, I thought we had a team that could compete for a national championship. Here we are.

Q. Is it fair that tomorrow's game will, could or will it define the legacy of the seniors?
COACH SCHAEFER: I don't think so. I think their legacy is etched in stone. Certainly it would add another -- I don't know what the word is -- epithet or whatever you want to call it -- it adds something to their legacy. But, look, they've won 128 games now in their career. They've won the Southeastern Conference championship, the first one in the history of the school in a women's sport. They did what one other team has done going 32-0 in the Southeastern Conference.

So I think their legacy is pretty well set. If we win, to me it just adds another line to what they've brought. Because what they've done for Mississippi State and for women's basketball, in particular, really has more to do with off the court than on, in my opinion; the impact they've had in our community, on our fan base, on our university, the pride that they have instilled in so many people across the country.

We've got people here at the game that they're all worked up over all kinds of things, you know, during the course of the game. And I look at them and go: I'm wondering six years ago were you that worked up about something that happened in women's basketball? But here we are today and it's important to them. And what's happened is because of our kids. These seniors in particular. But all of our kids. I call them -- I told you, I call them "The people's team." They just love our kids. And so it's special what they've been able to do to raise the brand of Mississippi State.

Q. Seems like every opposing coaches gets asked what are you going to do against Teaira McCowan. What have you seen coaches try to stop her and how do you counteract that?
COACH SCHAEFER: I've seen coaches use her like a clothesline and hang all over her. You know, that's what's so amazing about her numbers. She's just done it night in, night out with the best game plan, the best players, trying to attack her in so many different ways. The place where that kid's grown so much is, you know, you take some of the beatings that she takes, it's really hard to keep that positive attitude and not let it get to you a little bit. And I'm not saying it's right or wrong. I'm just saying it's physical down there. That's all I'm saying.

And for her really working with her on that piece mentally, hey, you gotta play. You've just got to play through it. We talked about playing through it all the time, play through it. And I think she's been really good and we continue to work with her on that. Because it can get -- it can get tough down there. It can get frustrating. With a post player, the mental piece is as big as the physical piece. You're down there. You're rubbing on everybody. You're just -- it's so physical. You get a tough rebound. You outlet it. You run down the floor. You post up. You are wide open and some guard misses you. That can get frustrating after a couple of times.

And for a big, you've got to let that go: Okay, I'm still going to go down there and rebound and get that next rebound I'm not going to go: You didn't get me the ball so you go rebound.

You've got to have that mental toughness, hey, I'm still going to do my job, maybe you'll catch me the next time. So I think for post players and their development it's the mental piece sometimes as much as the physical piece. So I'm proud of T. But, again, we continue to work with her.

Q. You probably addressed this but I missed it. You've achieved so much, but what would taking this next step mean for Mississippi State?
COACH SCHAEFER: I mean, it would be the first one we've ever won in any sport. I think enough said. It's so hard to do. We live in a tremendous conference. We know how hard it is to win those championships. But to come on this stage at this level, compete against the teams that we have to compete against, you know, in an NCAA Tournament and then in a Final Four, tomorrow you're going against one of the really tradition-rich storied programs in the history of sport. Not just women's basketball, but sport. Women's basketball.

What Muffet's done there and the consistency they've done it, it's incredible. So hard to do year in, year out. They're one of those programs, like I said, you either have a top -- I want a top 10 program not a top 25 team. She's one of those top 10 programs year in, year out. You're not looking down there at 11 through 20 where are they, no, they're somewhere in that top 10 year in, year out.

So you've got to -- you've got to respect that, which we obviously do and realize how hard that is to do and so obviously they've got our full attention. But to go against someone like that, hey, that's what it's supposed to be. It's supposed to be this.

Q. I was wondering last night how you were feeling going into overtime and what was like your plan of attack?
COACH SCHAEFER: Yeah, a lot of confidence. We feel like overtime is our time. And to get to overtime to have to execute a great -- to execute that play and then to make the shots. One thing to execute the play. Another thing to still go in there and make that shot. And to get through and get to overtime at that point overtime we feel like we're built for. And then we obviously had a little momentum. And so I felt really good about it.

We typically (knocking on wood) don't lose many overtime games. Historically, at Mississippi State, even in my career, that's toughness time. We really pride ourselves on our toughness, competitive spirit, and just the will to win.

And I think that's when you bow your back and bow your neck and that's when toughness comes to the top. And again when it gets too hard, when it just gets almost impossible, that's when it gets about right for us.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Morgan, sort of take us through that wild scramble at the end. What did you see? Did Teaira foul on purpose knowing that there were two wide open Notre Dame players under the basket?
MORGAN WILLIAM: I believe so. I got tipped, and Teaira ended up passing to me, and I just saw Tori and got a deflection. Notre Dame ended getting it and she just fouled. I think there was somebody open for a layup down the court. She fouled.

Q. Did you get a foul?
MORGAN WILLIAM: No whistle, so it wasn't a foul.

Q. Ladies, congratulations on a wonderful career. Thank you for everything. Victoria, can you talk about that final play and how you guys wanted to defend it? It looked like you were right there with Arike on that final shot.
VICTORIA VIVIANS: We wanted to defend it, but we didn't deny the ball. Me and Ro was supposed to deny her and not let her catch it. So she caught the ball and we got shut off, and she made it.

Q. Ro, can you talk about that shot that you hit on the right wing. Looked like you had a pump fake to get yourself some separation and got it off just before the shot clock.
ROSHUNDA JOHNSON: I just thought they was dropping heavy to the corner, and once I pump faked, I saw her jump, and nobody was in front of me to pretty much shoot. So I took the shot, and I ended up making it.

Q. For Blair, what do you think -- you guys had a good lead. What do you think changed? What changed in the game?
BLAIR SCHAEFER: We didn't get two stops when we needed to get stops, and they obviously executed on offense and got two big buckets. And then the game was tied.

Q. Victoria, we've asked you guys kind of all weekend about the legacy of these four seniors. What do these three next to you mean to you, and how proud are you of them just for bringing all you have to State?
VICTORIA VIVIANS: They mean the world to me. I'm glad I came in with this class. I'm very proud of them. I'm proud of the whole team as well, for them to come out here and do what they did today and last year. It's never been done at State. I'm so proud of them, and I thank them for being my teammates.

Q. Blair and everyone, congratulations on the season that you've had and the careers that you've had.
BLAIR SCHAEFER: Thank you.

Q. Blair, I saw, as Vic was talking about taking responsibility you just shaking your head, as a player and also as his daughter, what's going through your mind right now with what you guys have accomplished?
BLAIR SCHAEFER: He said it was his fault because he didn't get us home, but at the end of the day, we have to go out and execute. But he's always been accountable, and he always takes everything on his shoulders. I think one time we need to accept that we didn't make that one more. But I'm just proud of him for getting us back here and being able to experience this with him has been really special. So I don't think it should be his fault, and I don't think anyone should think it's his fault either.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies.

Q. Coach, congratulations on a wonderful season. The defense in the first half was so good. Percentage-wise, their adjustments, those percentages would indicate they made some adjustments offensively and then defensively. Can you address what they -- what adjustments they made offensively and what adjustments they made defensively in the second half?
VIC SCHAEFER: They stopped trying to run any offense. They just put their heads down and drove to the rim. That happens sometimes. Our defense is so good, if you've got kids that can drop their head and go to the rim, and that's basically what they did. They just decided to stop doing that. They even tried to post us still at the guard a little bit, but it never really bothered us. I was concerned about that.

But at the end of the day, they just put their head down, went to the rim, and tried to get fouled. They went inside. Their big kid was 8 for 10, and we had a hard time dealing with her. And, again, you give her credit. We just had a hard time handling her.

I mean, to me, you took their biggest weapons and held them to 6 for 21 and 2 for 7. You know, the two kids that we're really concerned about that had such great nights the other night, Mabrey goes 3 for 9 with nine turnovers. I don't know what else we could have done. Offensively, we got really good looks and couldn't make a shot. The Achilles, we're a great free-throw shooting team, and we go 10 for 17.

Too many turnovers against the zone. Good gosh, 15 turnovers. We started the game with five. Really disappointed in our start. You know, we forced 17. They end up shooting 42 percent, 22 from three, but they made the big one they needed to make. We just -- we had some really good looks that we didn't make. You know, we got deep in the shot clock, which is uncommon for us a lot. Out of bounds plays, not knowing the shot clock. That's uncommon for us. You know, I don't know what to attribute that to, but we had some real -- just some real lapses where we just didn't realize what the shot clock was even after talking about it in a time-out.

So I was disappointed. We really wanted to attack the zone and split it and try to create, and I didn't think we did that either. I thought we were -- we really appeased them and just threw it around and reversed the floor instead of trying to split it and creating. That was something we talked about.

So it was a heck of a first half. You give them credit. They answered in the third quarter. And then the fourth quarter is a knock down, drag out. We had a chance and don't get it done, and they make the one play.

I still felt like, even with Tea fouling out, we go to overtime, we're going to win the game. That's just how I felt about it, but I thought we defended the play pretty well. The kid made a shot. Pat her on the butt, man. She made a great shot.

Q. Vic, you had a time-out when it was a tie game, and I guess that's the play you drew up with Tea getting the layup. I mean, is that what you drew up?
VIC SCHAEFER: Yeah.

Q. She wasn't fouled on that one.
VIC SCHAEFER: I mean, I'm going to her every time. I tell her that in the locker room. I'm calling that play. I'm going inside. I'm going to let my All-American have a bunny. She's going to get a drop step dunk, and it just -- it didn't fall. She's had a heck of a year. She had another double double tonight. I've got so much confidence in her.

And you know what, I think she got to her spot, not their spot on that one. It just didn't fall. But we still went down and made a play defensively, had a chance coming back. I was screaming time-out. I don't know if anybody saw it. I mean, the right people didn't. But I was screaming, Time-out.

But, I mean, it's a bang-bang deal. It's hard. I get it.

Q. Vic, this year, compared to last year, you wanted to make sure you guys had more energy and things. Did you feel like you prepared differently and in a way that you saw that tonight, that you guys had the energy that you wanted to have after giving it all on Friday?
VIC SCHAEFER: Absolutely. No question. That team is averaging 94 points a game, y'all. How many times have they been held to 61? They got their 59th, 60th, and 61st point with three seconds to go in the game. We guarded the crap out of them.

We had a hard time scoring tonight, and we got some really good looks. Like I said, we got deep in the shot clock, which is uncharacteristic of us. Part of that's execution. Part of that, you got to give them credit. We've been playing that zone all year. It's not like we just started it.

They're handsy. They do a great job of stealing and taking away gaps when you want to attack gaps. It was a heck of a game. I mean, it was a heck of a game. It was just, like we talked about, it comes down to one play. You've got to make one more play, and we just didn't make the play, and they did.

Q. Victoria was right on Arike for that last shot. What was your talk with them about the kind of defense you wanted to play coming out of that time-out?
VIC SCHAEFER: Well, we take away the first option. They wanted to go inside, and we told Blair, as soon as they hand it to her, bail out and go front to post. Zion was right behind it. I almost got a five count. Then they went and screened it, and we switched it. Usually our rule is -- it's not usually. It is the rule. When you switch, you switch to deny, and we just didn't get the denial.

Again, the kid made a heck of a shot. I mean, I thought we defended it well right up to the point where the ball went through the net. Other than keeping her from catching it, I don't know what else you could have done on it. I couldn't have even fouled her fast enough. We'd have fouled her on the shot. It was a catch and shoot. We couldn't even have fouled her on it.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

VIC SCHAEFER: I just want you all to know how much I appreciate you being here, covering our great game, covering these ladies, covering our four universities. What you do means a lot to our game, and I just wanted you to know how much I appreciate it as a Coach that's been doing this a long time. I just want to say thank you.

Praise the Lord and Go Dogs. Happy Easter.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Arike, walk us through the final shot. Did you think it was good right away? How did it feel when it went in?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: When I saw it travel a little bit, I thought so. But that last play, there was just a lot going on. I can't even describe it.

Q. Arike, were you as off balance as the video looked like you might have been?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: I mean, I was kind of falling to the baseline. I think, when I shot it, I was kind of at a good angle to the basket, but once I started falling, I was a little off.

Q. Kat, what did Coach say to you guys at the half? She said things weren't going right and you lost your composure. What did she say to get you guys to rally and win this game?
KATHRYN WESTBELD: She was just going over what we needed to work on and what we weren't doing. We really weren't playing our game at all, and I think just kind of getting -- she talked about getting our mental game back. I think a lot of us were shook a little bit. Our minds were kind of going everywhere. I think she tried to calm us down as much as possible and just get us focused on the main goal again.

Q. Jessica, Vic Schaefer in a very complimentary way said, in effect, you put your head down and went to the basket when the outside shooting wasn't working. Was that accurate?
JESSICA SHEPARD: I think we knew we had a little bit of a mismatch when I was at the high post driving on McCowan. When you have great shooters around you, it opens things up. To have a one-on-one matchup makes it a lot easier.

Q. Can you take us through what's going through your mind winning a National Championship in your home state of Ohio? What's going through your mind here?
KATHRYN WESTBELD: It's honestly so surreal right now. Just trying to process everything. There's so many alums back, which makes it even so much better. But just -- I'm just so proud and thankful to be on this team. And for what we've overcome this season, for them to send our seniors out on this note, like it doesn't get better than this. And for it to be in my home state, it's just have all my friends and family here, I just honestly couldn't ask for anything else.

Q. Jackie, on the last play when you were inbounding the ball, first of all, what were the instructions from Coach McGraw on the play? And then what did you see and how did you manage to get the ball to Arike?
JACKIE YOUNG: Initially, we were looking for Jess, but -- I mean, whenever I was looking at it, I didn't like the way it looked. I knew, if I threw it, it would have possibly been a turnover. So I talked to Arike before, and I was like, if the matchup doesn't look right or if Jess isn't in the position that we're looking for, then come back to the ball. And I just made sure that Arike was literally coming to the ball before I passed it to her.

We had confidence in her. As soon as she put the shot up, I knew it was going in.

Q. Marina, this is for you. 58-53 when Ro Johnson hits a three. You guys haven't hit a three all night. Take me through your thinking and just sort of what you were looking to do getting that three to get you right back to 58-56.
MARINA MABREY: I was definitely looking to make it (laughter). We weren't even looking for a three. We were 2 for 9. We didn't even get any. We were looking for Jess inside, and my player left. I think she trapped down or something. Jess just kicked it to me, and I was like, okay, Marina, it's time. You really need to make this. So I got lucky.

Q. Arike, you were 1 of 10 the first half. I don't want to remind you of that shooting, but what got you on track the second half? It seemed like getting to the basket certainly helped.
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: It's just my teammates. They're talking to me all the time. No matter if I'm 1 for 20 or whatever, they're like, Keep going to the basket. We need you. So I think they give me the confidence to keep going.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. We'll take questions for Coach McGraw.

Q. What did you think when the shot went up? Did you think it's going in again?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, it was kind of a desperation shot, you know, with only three seconds. She had a great idea of the clock going in her head and got it off just in time. She was our second option. We wanted to go to Jess first, but I knew that she would get a shot off. When it went through, I couldn't honestly believe that it went in.

Q. Muffet, you said the other day how this is a great thing for women's basketball, like Friday night when you had the two overtime semifinals. I think this just adds icing to the cake for how great the weekend was for the sport.
MUFFET McGRAW: Phenomenal for women's basketball. Three exciting games. I hope the ratings reflect it.

But the crowd was tremendous tonight. Everybody came back. Just an incredible job by Columbus and the local community. Great support for women's basketball and definitely one of the best Final Fours since 2001, right? (Laughter).

Q. Muffet, the decision for you guys to go a lot more up tempo second half, pushing to the rim, was that an adjustment to their defense, or was that something you wanted to do all along?
MUFFET McGRAW: No, it was rebounding. I think we were able to get some rebounds and get going a little bit more in transition. Just really couldn't get anything going in the second quarter. So I think the third quarter we definitely came out and were a little more focused on trying to use the high ball screen.

Q. Muffet, we used the word "resilient" a couple of days ago. It doesn't seem quite sufficient considering how much you guys sort of keep coming back at it. Do you have other words that you would like to choose at this point?
MUFFET McGRAW: What though the odds, part of our fight song. The fighting spirit of Notre Dame is just amazing. Relentless, competitive, they have a swagger, they believe in themselves with the confidence that starts with Arike and Marina and just filters down through the team.

Q. Muffet, Vic was in here, and he said they talk about one more. His experience is it does come down to that one play. At this level, at this point, is that what you've seen through the years, that it is that one turn, that one play that changes everything?
MUFFET McGRAW: You know, I don't know. For us, it's -- like our thing is every possession matters. Every possession is important. You have to get it right on every possession. And then I think it's the runs. It's a game of runs. One team's going to go on one. You've got to be able to withstand it and then answer it.

Q. Muffet, you talked about the fighting spirit to win your second national title 17 years to the day after the first. What does it kind of say, not just about you, of course, but about your program? We don't see the day-to-day work you guys put in, but just longevity and what you've put together at Notre Dame.
MUFFET McGRAW: I think we've established a great culture. I think starting in 2011, when we were able to get back to the Final Four for the first time in ten years, and I think the culture just perpetuates itself, starting with the seniors and how they address the team, how they indoctrinate the freshmen into our culture, and the work ethic. I think that's what really separates the good teams.

Q. When you did get back to the Final Four in 2011, was it almost a feeling of like, okay, we're getting closer and closer, just any one of these years now?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, well, 2011, Skylar kind of led us, and we had just a really good team. And then she graduated, and we're like, now what's going to happen next, and then Kayla McBride brought us back, and then Natalie Achonwa brought us back. It has been fun doing it with different teams and knowing that the culture is going to continue.

Q. Congratulations. Two parts to this. One, you've talked very fondly about this team. You always do talk fondly about your teams, but it seems like you have a particular attachment. Now that you're at the end of the road on this particular season, does this feel like someone -- one that's atop the list for you?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, there's been so many great teams and so many players here with us celebrating in the locker room just now, all the former players. And we talked about how we've done it for all of them that weren't able to finish the job. So this team is really special just because of their personality.

You know what, they're a fun team. They have a great time together. They're always enjoying each other's company on and off the court. They have fun in the locker room.

The season's a grind. I mean, it's a long season. So you have to have a passion for the game, and you have to be able to enjoy it, and this team, probably more than any other I've had, enjoys it.

Q. Just the second half of that being you're bringing these players back. You're bringing reinforcements back. You have Brianna Turner coming back from injury. Do you think this is a team that has a chance to do something that sets it apart even from every other team you've had here?
MUFFET McGRAW: Yeah, I definitely think they have a chance. There's no guarantees. Bringing back some good players. We're getting some good players. We're returning some good players. The ball bounces in a funny way sometimes. You have to take advantage of your opportunities, and that's why I'm so thankful we were able to finish this one.

Q. Muffet, you kind of just answered it there, but was it sweet having some of those players like Natalie and Becca and those that were here to celebrate since they were so close those years, and to take part in this wonderful night for Notre Dame?
MUFFET McGRAW: It was great to see so many of our alums and how happy they were for us. They were just -- they couldn't be happier for this team, for what they've accomplished, for the whole program, for the coaching staff. We are a family, and it's great to have them back.

Q. First half, they pressed a lot, and you went between Jackie and Marina as the ball handler. Neither one seemed to be working. What did you do in the second half that really kind of eventually got you able to get that offense going again?
MUFFET McGRAW: I think Jackie and Arike did a little more ball handling and running the point, and I think that took Marina off to the wing a little bit more. I think that was the most success that we had against their pressure because it was really great pressure.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

MUFFET McGRAW: I just want to say McCowan is an unbelievable player. She had a fantastic game. She's so difficult to guard. She is definitely an All-American.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. This regional, you've been 25 straight years to the Sweet Sixteen. I know you watch the men's side a little bit, and there's chaos, so to speak. Does it make you appreciate it more that you're able to do this year in and year out, to get this far and further as opposed to -- seen the upsets that have maybe gone on other parts of the bracket or maybe the men's side?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, yeah. I mean, I am surprised. After all, we have the best players. Every All-American that's ever played high school basketball has come to Connecticut, they don't go play anywhere else. So we're just fortunate there is no competition out there for us. Sometimes we just feel like we should just skip the first two rounds and go right to the regionals. It's so easy, right?

But it isn't until somebody reminds you and says how long you guys have done this and you just look back and -- yeah. It's even more of a reminder how important it is or how much it means, because each year you see teams stumble a little bit. You have to think at some point in 25 years you would stumble once or twice.

But it's been a remarkable run through a lot of different players and a lot of different scenarios and at a lot of different places. When I watched the rest of the tournament, Harris as well a couple years ago when we got to the Final Four and there were three teams that had never been there, I thought that that might be a culmination of this is what we've been talking about. This has been the growth of the game. To go from 1991, when we made the Final Four, we were the first team from north of the Mason-Dixon line to make the Final Four. To now you've got what's happening today. I just think that's remarkable. It's been a lot of fun to be a part of.

Q. Obviously with Azura, I was looking up, she had 16 in the game at Hartford when you guys beat Duke. You said after the Quinnipiac game -- I think Karl asked if you would speak to her about this, and you said yes. Have you had a chance to speak with her about the game and just try to get her to keep her emotions down?
GENO AURIEMMA: No, not in any kind of depth or anything. I think she's been gone there from there. This is her second year out. I would think it's natural that you would have some kind of emotional connection. But my message was simply I don't think they're going to feel bad if they beat us, and you're going to do whatever you need to do to help us win. There's plenty of time for all the other stuff, but not when the game starts.

Now watching her practice the last couple days I don't see any of that, but you never know.

I said, hey, they've been really good since you left, so maybe they're happy that you left. So I try to do whatever I can to get her going.

Q. Your impressions of Duke scorers Lexie Brown and Rebecca Greenwell?
GENO AURIEMMA: Probably the same impressions that everybody else has. Two really, really good kids. I've had a chance to be around Rebecca Greenwell a little more than Lexie Brown. But having played against her when she was in Maryland, you watch them play, and they're really, really good. They do a lot. They're the heart and soul of that team. They play well together, they complement each other great. They're able to sometimes single-handedly win games for them.

I think it's going to be a challenge for us to contain both of them, and we're going to have to just pick one of them. But they're both really, really good, and I'm looking forward to seeing them up close.

Q. Having two fifth-year seniors as your guards, how much does that play into what they're able to do?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, there's no substitute for experience. I mean, obviously talent, but the fact that they've played a lot of basketball, they've been in a lot of different circumstances. Yeah, you're not dealing with inexperience here. You're dealing with talented kids who understand what they have to do, and there's nothing easy about what's in store for our guards tomorrow.

Q. Napheesa has obviously raised the level of her play in the NCAA Tournament. Odom has doubled her scoring average from the regular season. Do you see similarities in what they've been asked to do for their teams and how they've been able to elevate the level of their play?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, I do. I've seen a big change in a Napheesa. They're really good players. They know when it's time. They know. They're able to summon up something that a lot of players can't. I think everybody on Duke's team knows that Lexie Brown and Rebecca Greenwell have to play great for them to win. Everybody on our team knows we need great performance from Napheesa if we want to do what we set out to do.

So the really, really good players, they know what time of the year it is, and they come ready.

Q. You've talked -- I think it was in January maybe after the victory at South Carolina, you said we keep meeting moments along the way, we'll be ready for the big moments. These are kind of the big moments now with the season funneling down. Where's your team mentally and emotionally with the urgency of the situation, the importance of these games?
GENO AURIEMMA: I think you always think that you're prepared. I mean, you always think you're ready. We certainly had a lot of games where we've had to do some things that tested us. We've also had a lot of games where we weren't, but I think the real test is always why you're doing it.

Coaching a team and playing in the NCAA Tournament is kind of like investing. They give you perspectives and you have to make sure you read the fine print at the bottom, you know. What's it say, past performance is no guarantee of future success, right?

So no matter what you did in November, December, January, you still have to be able to perform tomorrow. Whether you're ready to do that, you don't know. All you can do is go through your schedule, do what you have to do. So, so far we've answered every challenge, and I've got to believe that, win or lose tomorrow, there's no guarantees, obviously, but it won't be because we're not ready for it.

Q. The remarks that Joanne made a couple years ago when Azura came to UConn, is that something you'd bring up with her or not or just let it slide?
GENO AURIEMMA: I don't think the comments that she made were, in a way, in any form derogatory or anti-Connecticut or anti-Azura. I never took them that way. I think what she was saying was there was some validity to that. I think she was saying it's unusual for a team like Connecticut to have someone transfer in, and it's true.

So I just thought of it as that's just the changing world that we live in.

We've had kids move on to other schools from our place, and there's lots of kids that move on from other schools, and this one just happened to be a really, really good player that wanted to make a change. So I didn't take it in a bad way, no. Not at all.

Q. Geno, we haven't seen you since Jamelle got fired. I was just wondering if you could talk about your reaction to that?
GENO AURIEMMA: Obviously I was surprised. I mean, if you were going to fire her, you should have fired her two years ago when they were able. Don't wait until they build the program back up and finish fourth, the highest they've ever done and the best they've ever done, and then say, okay, we're going to bring in somebody new now that they have a pretty good team to coach.

I just thought it was bad timing. And there's a lot of deeper issues that are going on there, believe me, that go beyond someone getting let go.

Losing your job in this profession, that's expected, you know? If you're not any good and people want to get rid of you, that's fine. But the way it was done and when it was done, given the circumstances -- but then again, knowing what I know, I'm not surprised.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports



Q. We all know what A'ja Wilson is capable of and how good of a player she is. What is the game plan for trying to stop her from having a huge game?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: Tickle her (laughing). Everyone's tried everything else, and she still averages a high double-double. So our plan is someone go low, someone go high, but nevertheless, we're into the tickle motion. You can't stop someone as good as A'ja. Let's be honest. I'm on a committee, and I voted for her to be Player of the Year.

It's a wonderful thing. It's a team sport. It's going to take all five of them for 40 minutes. But she's a special player. No disrespect to what she's capable of doing. We are not going to stop her. We are comfortable understanding that, as we were comfortable understanding that we were not going to stop the young lady at Florida State. But if we can all show up and do our small part, we can have a chance to have success in the game for 40 minutes.

South Carolina is a special team. We have to play them ten times. I've got to lean on the fact that they can probably get us by nine of them. At 11:30, we're going to find out how much we can do against one of the best teams in the country.

Q. All you have to do is beat the defending champions and then perhaps UConn. How do you convince your players that this moment is not too big for them?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: You know, before South Carolina became a national champion, there's a young lady that was head coach at Temple who hoped that she could become something significant as well. She took over a team that wasn't already established, and she built something from nothing to something.

In order for us to find our way, we have to take steps. It's a big step, for sure. One thing that we're not going to do is put our focus on South Carolina. We've not put our focus on any team that we've ever played. We're going to put our focus on the foxhole that we're in, the 14 young ladies that believe in our vision. We're going to fight really hard to make Buffalo proud, make our university proud, make our families proud. Most importantly to leave it out there so when we look in the mirror we can make ourselves proud.

Q. You just mentioned having the opportunity to tell your story. How would you sum up your story?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: You know, fight. I come from a mother who raised five children, retired, making 36,000, she shared with us that we have no choice but to be significant in this world.

She did everything with a smile. She tithes every single week, and for some reason she found money to tithe and always have enough money for our family. So if she can do it and become, we have no choice, because at least we have four other people, my brothers and my sisters. So nothing is too great for us because we saw a lady become, and she raised five great children.

So as big as the mountain may seem, all we do is ask God for the strength to continue to take the step. We've got the strength to take the step, we can keep climbing. So that's what we do. We do it every day. We do it through success. We had great success. My college coach is in the back right there and she pushed us to a strong foundation. We do it through failure. Last job I failed. You just keep moving. If you give us strength to take the step, I'm going to keep trying to climb.

Q. Earlier today Dawn was talking about how mid-majors have been recruiting better and recruiting more creatively. She talked about you recruiting international players. Can you sort of talk about that strategy and how that may be necessary when you're trying to recruit against these Power Five schools?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: You know, I never looked at myself as a mid-major coach or mid-major team. I looked at myself as a coach going after people that want to tell their story. I thought about that when I was an assistant coach at Boston College and Syracuse and Michigan State. When I was the head coach at Hofstra and Indiana, I never told them that we're in the mecca of a conference or team at Indiana, nor did I tell them that Hofstra was not as big as a St. John's in the state of New York. We just promoted what we had. We were in New York. We were in the mecca of the world.

At Buffalo I thought we were a hidden jewel, a program that had no success in women's basketball, and we could be the first to make it happen. Are you interested? Will you try to come and help? And the young ladies that said yes were clearly young ladies that didn't have a lot of people saying we want you too. So together we became. We fought.

We have a system we call CAB. I didn't want to bring players into our program without understanding their character, their academics, and their academics will precede their basketball. And we thought we could coach people that had character and academics, even if they didn't have strength in basketball. We thought we had a great coaching staff in Cherie Hogg and K.C. Carter and Kristen Sharkey and Karin Moss that we can develop. Those young ladies said yes. They stayed in the fight. They kept fighting with us, and here we are.

Q. Did you tell international players where Buffalo was and what it was about?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: Well, I told the truth. I have a coach that isn't always so truthful. Her name is Cherie Hogg Cordoba. She was telling the Australians that it didn't snow. They had two choices. They could have looked and saw that there was snow everywhere. No, she didn't say it didn't snow. She said it didn't snow a lot. Which Stephanie and Courtney came for an entire winter. They never knew we had lakes and little ponds behind the dormitories.

Then I think around June when the snow melted, they were like we didn't even know it was winter out here. I tell you, I'm good, but you've got somebody that's on the fence about truth on my staff, and I'm not going to say her name out loud (laughing).

Q. I know you and Dawn go way back. Do you have any good, funny stories or whatever from back in the day?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: I don't. But it's an honor to see you, sir, you've done so much for women's basketball. But to me Dawn has always been really serious. I don't know her personally, per se. I just know she's a fighter. I know I watched her as a player when she was at Virginia. Consistently get to the Final Four. I know that she's a ferocious competitor and winner. When you're that way all the time, I might have never saw her laughing. I just saw her compete and trying to win.

Q. With the big moment, I know we talk about your stories being fight, but you've also talked about being goofy and really enjoying and having fun. How do you balance? How do you balance that this is a big moment, but you also want to have fun and bring the little bit of swagger you guys have?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: I think our kids call it quirky. They're so smart. They come up with these words that's like sophisticated, but it's just silly and we're quirky.

We laugh hard, we laugh a lot. But they absolutely understand once we cross that blue line on our court, we pay attention totally to what their dreams are. They want to win. They want to tell their story. They want to become WNBA players. They want to play overseas.

They say I have two personalities. I'm mom, fun, and loving, but something happens to me and us when we cross that line and we recognize that we're in the battlefield for something bigger than basketball. It's our story to be told. So it's just kind of something that happens. Sometimes it doesn't happen, and we just right away get on the line, let's go, let's run.

Sometimes we go through drills and they're not going hard enough, I just jump out there and show them this is how hard we're going to go. And at 51, in my mind I'm still thinking that I'm that college player that played for Coach Jacobs, you know, and making some Hall of Fame stuff. My body is telling me no. I'm up there trying -- this is how you make the lay-up. And it won't go in. But they get the point that I'm trying. If it's going to have to be, it's going to be me. If it's not going to be you, you want me to come out there and do it? Because I will. So they get that piece. It's kind of weird because they thought I was coming after the person and just come after the player relentlessly. I've just been that way all my life. I brought in 14 players that understand this quirkiness.

Q. Coach, what has the reception been back in Buffalo from the city and the school? And are you expecting tomorrow to pretty much be a home game for you guys?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: I don't want this to be taken any other way, but this is just who I am. Everywhere I go I think we're in a home game. We're in Florida, we're in Arizona, you have to think you belong there. If you don't, you are going to be a visitor. If you're a visitor, you can be asked to leave at any time. So we go there with that understanding.

It was really nice to see the governor tweet out that he's proud of what we're doing. It was really nice to see our mayor get excited. It's really amazing to see the Buffalonians. I mean, we know how crazy our Buffalonians can be when they go after those Buffalo Bills and those Sabres. Have that same group of blue-collar people really be proud of what we're doing. It's just so humbling, so exciting, and we want to leave it out there for them to really continue that pride.

Q. After you win two games in the tournament as an 11 seed, does the confidence start building, or is it like when is this going to end kind of deal? What is going through your team's minds as they prepare for the Sweet Sixteen? Most people probably didn't think you'd be here.
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: Well, we always thought we were going to be here, we just never got here ever since I started coaching 28 years ago. That's the expectation. That's the mindset. So many coaches that really have the same kind of mindset, we were blessed to take this another step.

But I'm not smart enough to know about 11, and 2, and 3, and 5, those numbers. That doesn't mean anything when the ball goes in the air. If that's the case, somebody forgot to tell Loyola, and somebody forgot to tell Jim Boeheim. So we say, you know, in 40 minutes anything can happen. We want something magical to happen. We've been creating magic since June. Our oneness, our sisterhood, our fight, our stubbornness to quit. The coach pushed so hard, and if you get on the barrel and let it all out of your body. I say you, go see the trainer? No, Coach, I need to finish this champion, we've got 12 more to go. In order to be a champion, you've got to do 15 of them. I'm at 12, and I cannot stop. I have to do it all over again the next day.

So the fight has been predicated since June. To think that it's a weirdness that we're winning, we've been winning in preseason. We've been winning in the summer. The expectation is to win all the time. If you don't score more points than the next team, I'm hoping that the win could be something that you look in the mirror and say, you know what? I left it out there. There was nothing else left. Therefore, we continue to win.

Q. My question is following up on that. When you're hearing people calling you guys a Cinderella team, you're not a Cinderella team because you're not winning at the buzzer. The way you've handled yourself. Does it irk you when you hear you're being called that? But you're not. You've proven you're one of the top teams in the country. How does that make you feel?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: It makes me feel like they saw me dance before. They know I can dance, and I think that's a compliment, you know? I'm teasing.

I don't let anybody's expectations of who we are become our significance. It never has before. I've never looked at other people's success and said, oh, man, I'm so jealous. Nor did I say there's never going to be a time that we're not going to become, because the work ethic never changed.

So we don't care. No disrespect to somebody that thinks this is a fluke. We don't really get excited where they say, yeah, we should have done this. We just stay locked into our sisterhood and our family. I have 14 great kids that I'm just trying to extend it as long as I can. To have this opportunity here late in March, to be with these young ladies and to sit in that restaurant last night. They can go anywhere they want to have dinner. These young ladies want to go to Red Lobster, a chain restaurant. And they sat in that restaurant and they laughed so hard that Cierra and Stephanie are reduced to tears. Everybody just started laughing. Nobody knows what they're laughing at to this day. I said, Coach, take a picture of this.

These are the moments that mean more to me than a ball ever going in the hole. They're never going to remember how far they went. I don't know how far we went at Syracuse, but I do know 30 years later we still get together with our coach in the summer and go on vacation and tell stories that I know, for a fact, never happened. But we tell them so much it's now like they did.

That's what I pray for this team, is that they create these stories and these fun times. Things that are more important than the ball going in the hole to remember for the rest of their lives.

Q. I know you talked a lot this week about the MAAC and you guys at Central Michigan. Is it sort of the hidden gem that no one outside of women's basketball knew what the MAAC was, and here we are having two teams still playing and they're doing well? They're not just winning at the buzzer, but they're winning handily on the road?
FELISHA LEGETTE-JACK: We lost to Central Michigan in the championship game, and some people thought that we blew it. I'm like, you need to guard Presley for 40 minutes, the kid that can hit half-court shots. And they have Frost who can rebound with anybody in the country. She can jump about five inches off the ground. She's six feet at best. Her timing is the best I've ever seen, and that is the strength I really love to my heart. I'm like I just hope that people can see what we went through. I think that Sue would say the same thing about a few of my players and the things that we've done.

To have this opportunity where the world can see us and what we really are about in the MAAC Conference, including Toledos, the Ball States, Ohio a couple years ago who got left out who were 26 and something and didn't get an at-large bid four years ago. I am so grateful that he chose us to tell the story. Because we're not really just fighting for Buffalo and saying look how great Buffalo is. And she's not just talking about Central Michigan. It's an entire MAAC Conference. We have a guy named Ricky Stokes who is our commissioner for women's and men's basketball who played at Virginia, a big-time player. For him to be in the MAAC for so many years, he saw something a lot earlier than we did. I think now I pray that everyone would just take teams and just say this team's RPI, this body of work, this boom, boom, boom, they belong because that team without a name on it, oh, it's Buffalo. Oh, it's Central Michigan. Oh, it's the MAAC. We're not there yet, for sure, because I know names got to be in so women can get the respect and the fan base and all that stuff. But in this crazy dream of mine, I still dream that you can just by the creative work, not the complexion of the name or the conference.

We're on our way. We're just not there yet.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. If you could talk about the teams you faced being very different. In the UConn game, Saint Francis stayed true to who they are and was a difficult game. Quinnipiac changed their approach to control tempo and kept it competitive. So are you somewhere where you think, listen, this is who we are, but we have to tweak things a little bit? Will that be your approach?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: I think you have to -- I played Connecticut before, I think once beating them. I think I'm 1-9 or something pathetic like that. But I will say that you have to respect the talent and ability of the team you're playing. And I mean respect it properly so you can plan properly. I would never try to run with them. They're basically a WNBA team. Sometimes I wonder if they're getting ready for that season, the way they played this year.

No, possessional basketball is incredibly important. To me it's just playing basketball the way it should be played. Move the ball around, look for your best opportunity, and take it and get after it. But certainly I would suspect the ball would have to be in our possession longer in order to be successful against a team with so many great players that can do so many great things.

So I'm a coach that believes in doing whatever it takes. We played all man against Belmont. Every minute of that game was man, because we couldn't find these shooters that were everywhere, I mean, just absolutely everywhere. We played match-ups against Georgia for different reasons. I believe you put your student-athletes in a position to be successful, regardless. I think it's important to have a program philosophy. I respect that. But you play to win. You play to win. You play to be successful. You've got to handle that, and best I can tell, possessions are extremely critical. Live ball turnovers might be the stat of the game of this game, live ball turnovers, and certainly rebounding. We rebounded okay in the first couple of games, but nothing to brag about, and I think that will be substantial as well.

Q. When Azura transferred, you made remarks critical of UConn accepting transfers. Do you still feel that way?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: I did not make those remarks. That's what the media wrote.

Q. So you were misquoted?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: Oh, completely. Completely. Completely. I guess that happens sometimes. All I'll say is I'm very proud of Azura. What she's done is amazing. She's a very, very good player, and she's going to be a big headache for us tomorrow.

Q. Can you talk a bit about how her game has evolved over the last couple years?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: Oh, gosh, stronger. She just works hard on her game. She's a very committed student-athlete. What I can see from film and that type of thing is her inside game. Her presence on the inside, what she's doing now in terms of paint points and paint opportunities is very, very significant, not to mention her defensive presence.

She's a special, special player. She's doing a very hard thing. It's hard to be new in any program, and I think it's hard to be new in a program with such great stature.

Q. Can you address what you've gotten out of Odom in the postseason. She's averaged about ten points a game during the regular season. She's over 20 during the NCAA Tournament. Where has she shown the most growth?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: Nay is again, sophomore, developing, getting better and better by every game. I think she's beginning to understand how she can control the game at times with her shot selection, with her rebounding, with her defense. I think it's just a matter of experience. She's constantly gaining more experience. She plays with a great deal of confidence. And I think at times she's deferred a little bit in a way that's not good to players like Lexie and Becca, and I think she's learned that's not a good idea.

If we're going to play at the highest level, everyone's got to bring their A-game, their specialty, bring what they can do. And I think that's what she's really getting into is bringing what she can do. I'm excited for her, because she's very, very athletic, and might be one of the most athletic players in the country. Certainly you'd have to argue she was in that category.

Q. You talked about how you have three grad students on the team and how impressed you are with them. How about as players, how much does it help you to have a back court that has that much experience as well as talent?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: Oh, they're terrific. Fifth-years -- the thing about it that's interesting is Becca is the true fifth-year. She's been in our program that long. And she's gotten better every single year, whether she's coming off the pass, off the bounce, or defense or rebounding. When we're at our best, Becca is rebounding. She's a terrific rebounding guard. So to coach her and be with her all of the years has been phenomenal and just an amazing experience because of her competitive nature.

You feel a little bit cheated with Lexie, because as she came in, you had the sit out year. This is really only her sophomore year relative to playing in our program. So you feel like, oh, you get pretty excited about it. We've tried to -- she's been amazing in terms of what she's done in such a short period of time. I'm really struck by her beating Alana Beard's single season steal record, because we all know who Alana Beard is, and that's pretty impressive for her to be the kind of All-American who plays on both sides of the ball like Lexie does.

So, yes, I've been spoiled with some tremendous back court mates, Splish-Splash, whatever they call them, that's a media thing. But to me they're just really two good players and they work very, very hard, and they're both competitive. I know they're going to be ultimately challenged. Connecticut defense is not talked about as much as it should be because there are so many other things to talk about. It's a terrific defense, and it's going to be a big problem. The way they go after Lexie and Becca, trapping, denying, things of that nature.

So we're going to have to be very patient, and Lexie and Becca are going to have to be patient too and allow us to work things a little bit and not try to force things, because the defense is excellent.

Q. As a basketball fan, how fun would it be to be at this regional given the schools that are here and seeing the match-ups that we see?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: Oh, gosh, I'm sort of partial to women's basketball overall. I think it's a fantastic time of year in women's basketball, and there are so many great teams.

I have to give a shout out to Felisha at Buffalo because she was one of my assistant coaches back in the day. She helped recruit the team that we went to the Final Four with at Michigan State. So to see Buffalo get here under Felisha's leadership has been a remarkable thing. I've just been talking to her the whole time, and here we are at the same regional. I was kind of hoping I'd bump into her, but I guess we have different schedules.

South Carolina has recently been so fabulous, they won their title, and it's just amazing what they've done. Of course Connecticut's the best there's ever been. So it's an interesting regional. I just think for a lot of reasons people would want to come out and see the games and support women's basketball.

Q. This might be a bit of a reach. I know it's a different year and different players, but can you look at, say, tape from last year's Mississippi State-UConn game and say, you know, with the talent we have, here are a couple things that they did, we might be able to exploit these types of things?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: Fair question. Tough answer for me because we can't create what they created. The full-court pressure that they created is a very good thing and something that is pretty important, I think, if you're going to be successful against Connecticut. Just that sheer, in-your-body pressure. The taller player, I'm forgetting her name right now, the center for Mississippi State, having that kind of height to be a presence around the rim, there are some really key qualities there.

Vic is an amazing coach, and he's done incredible things. If you look at his journey from what happened to -- I mean, it's an incredible story, really. I think I couldn't look at that film and totally get a lot relative to things that we do. Some ideas, yes. What's evident when you talk to anybody that's been successful against Connecticut ever, and it's a pretty small club by the way -- talking to Tara or Vic, it all goes back to turnovers, possessions, ball control, playing precisely. That's obviously a very important piece of it.

To their credit they try to get you out of that, and they run and do the things that they do. You know, it's great for women's basketball to have that level of excellence. It really is. It takes it to another level.

I know the whole John Wooden thing and all the championships and all that. But I think it makes people see what the game can be at the highest level. I think for the rest of us, you're motivated by that to see how you can keep chipping away.

I'm sure Vic in that first meeting never thought he'd beat Connecticut, right? I got to believe that's what he was thinking at that time. So my point being that it's really, really -- you can't have the moments that we had last year, that incredible game, you can't have those kind of moments without a team being superior and dominant, and that's exactly what's happened. Of course Connecticut continues to be and they have been this year, and nobody's really done much of anything against them this year. I mean, that's what makes those moments possible. I think fans get excited about that. I think it's great for women's basketball. For us it's the ultimate challenge for us. We've got to really come together with a special team game.

Q. This is 25 straight years for UConn in the regionals. How impressive is that? Is it good or bad for women's basketball if they're so dominant?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: Well, that's incredibly impressive. Not really surprising, but very, very impressive just because their success has been so extraordinary. I think it's excellent for women's basketball. I think the only thing we have trouble with is where we play, the neutral court versus the home court versus the regional. Because we've got to draw fans. I think eventually that would be the next step. Our tournament is being more neutral where we play.

But right now we've been trying to grow that, and that hasn't totally happened yet. But I think it's pretty extraordinary what they've done.

Again, I'm not surprised. I've seen Connecticut through the years. Even when I was at Maine we played the team that made their first run. I thought we did well in that game, FYI, by the way, for the record, way back in that Maine game. I was also part of -- I saw the beginning of Connecticut when I was at Auburn. Auburn years ago -- years ago Auburn came up to play, and that was before Connecticut was really hitting the scene, and we lost that game. It was a very big game. It was prior to all the big stuff that Connecticut did. So I've kind of seen this and been able to witness this whole thing. It's remarkable.

Again, there is no question it's great for women's basketball. That would be a very odd belief system. The better you are, the better things are, the more challenge there is, the more competition, the more you're trying to aspire to the higher level, yeah, that's better. That's certainly better in life. It's something you welcome. I mean, it's just something you welcome is to get that opportunity to play against that kind of team.

I guess I answered your question. Yes, pretty impressive. I'm sure they'll do many impressive things in the future.

Q. I was there when you showed up at Auburn to do your interview and did it when they were in the Final Four.
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: That's right. Gosh, Mel, we're getting old, man. We're getting so old.

Q. You just talked about the neutral court, the home court. Do you favor what Debbie Antonelli has been pushing about playing a whole Sweet Sixteen out in Las Vegas?
JOANNE P. McCALLIE: Well, I don't know. Gosh, I'm not a Vegas girl. I don't know much about Vegas. But I will say it's hard because when you can get the amount of fans that will be here tomorrow, how do you walk away from that? That's a really, really good thing. But ultimately you'd want to be on neutral something. I don't know if it's Vegas. I don't know if it's Tampa. I don't know what it is. But ultimately you'd like to do that because that's where the equal opportunity comes in.

Excellence is excellence, and there is no argument to the excellence, but that's where it gets a little bit tough is the environment.

I don't know when women's basketball is ready to move to that, and there's been a lot of discussions about that. Perhaps they will, and I think that would probably make the ultimate tournament to have that kind of setting. If we could draw the fans, get the support, and forward women's basketball from that.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. For both of you guys, what do you know about Duke so far? Their a talented back court, but what have you seen on film from them? You haven't played them in a few years now. You haven't played Duke since I think 2014?
KIA NURSE: Obviously their back court is very talented. They find each other extremely well, and their three-point range is obviously deep and effective. I think they do a great job with their zone. They're long, they try to use their length to their advantage, so it will be interesting.

GABBY WILLIAMS: Yeah, I mean, they have two really, really talented guards who are going to be hard to stop offensively. But defensively they like to push the ball. They're really aggressive at the trap, so we're going to have to really take care of it tomorrow.

Q. I asked Coach this, 25 straight years that UConn's made it to the Sweet Sixteen, you guys in the last four. Buffalo's here for the first time ever in school history. Do you appreciate that other schools don't have the same success that you guys have, and sort of take it for granted outside of UConn that you guys will make the Sweet Sixteen every year, but to see some of the new faces out there that you may not play or know that have their first experiences, does it make it fun to see other teams getting there besides you guys?
KIA NURSE: I think it's a great experience, the Sweet Sixteen itself, and just being here. The environment is always fun. I think for teams that are coming here for the first time, when we were freshmen and we were in this building for our first time, it's kind of eye-opening and it's amazing. You are grateful for the experience and you appreciate it.

In terms of us getting here as much as we do, I think that's just a testament to Coach Auriemma and Coach Dailey what they've done, the legacy they've built, and the people who came before us to give us the opportunity and build us into what it is.

GABBY WILLIAMS: Yeah, she pretty much said it all. But it is cool for us to see teams be here for the first time. Think it's also something for the teams who are at the top. It's a reminder that this is anyone's game and anything can happen. So I guess it kind of humbles you a little bit that you've got to kind of watch your back.

Q. You two ladies were here three years ago in Albany. I believe you beat Texas and Dayton. I just wondered what your memories might be from having been here three years ago.
KIA NURSE: Well, the Dayton game was a memory in itself. Obviously they played a really good first half. Then we played Texas and we played them really well and we came out, and that was exciting. I think the end part of it is you get a trip to the Final Four. If you can have that as many times as you can, that's probably the best experience that you want, and hopefully that's how this one ends as well.

GABBY WILLIAMS: I don't know. I blocked out like 90%. I just remember the excitement of the tournament because at that point we had only heard talk about it. You think you were ready for it after everything you've been through, you've played 30-plus games, and there is nothing really to prepare you for this atmosphere.

Q. Kia, I think if you were to stop anybody randomly on the street in any city across the country and ask who won the National Championship in women's college basketball last year, 99 out of 100 would say UConn if they didn't follow the game closely enough. With that not being the case, how do you guys resist that complacency that maybe comes with the expectations of this program?
KIA NURSE: Well, I think every single time we end up in this situation, and every time March comes around, we hope that throughout the year, throughout the season we've prepared ourselves in every way possible. Seen as many defensive executions that we need to. How do we create as many strengths for ourselves and how do we hide our weaknesses as much as we can.

And we just have a great leadership of our coaching staff who will not ever let us be complacent in anything that we do. Whether that be the practice that we have that day, the game that we're playing. And even if we win by a lot, it's not a complacent win if we didn't play up to our own standards.

I think that's something that prepares us for this tournament, prepares us to go into every game with the understanding it's not a cakewalk, it never will be, and we have to earn everything that we get.

Q. Talking about complacency and avoiding that, how does it help to see a team like Buffalo? They've never won a game in a tournament ever, and they're kind of happy to be here. But did that kind of wake you up a little bit to not take it for granted?
KIA NURSE: Absolutely. I think one of the best things about having a team like Buffalo in this region is that everybody has to wake up and smell the roses. Like Gabby said, this is anybody's tournament. On any given day, if you come out and don't play your top game or play with respect towards your opponents, anything can happen. And Buffalo has shown that time and time again throughout this tournament.

Q. Gabby, your coach was just talking about Central Michigan and Buffalo, if 11 seeds win a supposed mid-major, he thinks that's good for the women's game. How do you see that?
GABBY WILLIAMS: Yeah, I think it's good for the game, too, because, like I said before, it kind of makes the top teams kind of watch their back a little bit. You don't realize that it's not just about your talent, but it's about the way you compete, but it's about the way you work. You have more teams with the combination of talent and work ethic, and I think those mid-major teams winning games like that reminds the whole country of that.

Q. You mentioned the excitement three or four years ago. Does it feel like the last four years have flown by? I mean, coming full circle, coming back here for a Sweet Sixteen, wow, it feels like 20 years ago it was last year, but it's like, wow, it was just last year we were here doing the same thing?
KIA NURSE: Every day I look back and think that freshman year was yesterday, and I'm still kind of learning the ropes, but not anymore. This has been full circle. Coming back here, coming back to this facility. Different hotel this time, but definitely things have flown by so fast, and I think that's why when we're sitting in the circle before practice, you can look at the freshmen and you can see, oh, you know, this year's gone by really quickly, and you feel like you have forever in freshman year.

Then you get to your senior year and it goes by in the blink of an eye. Those four years are the best four years of your life. But you have to understand that they go by so quickly that there's no point in wasting any time.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Hey, guys, for all three of you, has this sunk in at all that you're in the Sweet Sixteen now, a chance to move on farther, you're playing four hours or so from Buffalo, and you probably have a lot of fans tomorrow that you're still playing basketball in the middle of March or end of March?
CASSIE OUSLER: Yesterday I was going through the sports channels, and there's no women's games playing. So I think it hit me then also because there are no games to be played except the ones that we're about to play. So I think that's pretty cool.

CIERRA DILLARD: Well, a little bit, I think after the games of USF and Florida State kind of hits you what you've done. But Coach does an amazing job of keeping your mind focused on what's going on next. We've just been locked in on playing South Carolina, and focus in on Buffalo. Focus in on what we're going to do to prepare for the game.

STEPHANIE REID: Yeah, after the last win at Florida State, the next morning you kind of wake up and you wonder if it's still a dream. Then it kind of sinks in over the week. Now we're really focused on the game tomorrow. We're really excited to be here. It's really exciting, obviously. But we've got to get focused and compete at this stage.

Q. Stephanie, Felisha was talking about how when recruiting international players, the assistant coaches weren't always truthful with what Buffalo was and how cold it was and snowy. So I was just wondering if you had a funny story about that. And, two, how did you learn about Buffalo and what convinced you to decide to go to school there?
STEPHANIE REID: Well, firstly on the weather, Coach Cherie. It doesn't snow in Buffalo, apparently. Yeah, fun fact for the world. Doesn't snow in Buffalo. So that was a shell shocker itself. Like in December, like late December so I got on the plane in Melbourne, and it was 100, then I got off at 0 with one pair of Brown Ugg boots that I still wear to this day that are salt stained to the core.

It was funny to get off the plane, and everything was white. When my family came, they came in they came in February that year, and they didn't know it was a lake, they thought it was ice. Because they didn't know there was actually water underneath it. I didn't know that until when did it start snowing, April, maybe? So that was a bit of a culture shock.

But I learned about Buffalo. My coach back home, he knew about Cherie personally, it's kind of cold there, but never told me anything like this. When I got in contact with Coach Cherie, I loved how she was, with her exclamation points, 100,000 per message. It's just that excitement. When I met Coach Jack, every word that came out of her mouth just seemed so inspiring, and I never met anyone like that. Buffalo was the only school I wanted to come to.

When I found out that maybe it was possible I wasn't coming here, I didn't want to go anymore. I had planned my life out in Melbourne. I was like I'm going to work. I'll play at this league, and I'll just play in Australia. Because I didn't want to go anywhere else. When I finally found out on my way to school, I had to pull over and tell Coach Cherie. She said, you know, we want you to come with your best friend, Courtney. I said yes, without even telling my mom. I couldn't hold it in. I was on a FaceTime call or Skype call with Jack at school, and my teachers were wondering what I was doing. I had to tell them this was a bit bigger than school at that point. And I said yes. I didn't even tell me family. I told them after I verbally committed that that's what I was doing.

This place is too good for my eyes. Now it's a destination. So I'm pretty grateful I made the opportunity to come here.

Q. Cierra, Coach shared with us the Red Lobster story from last night. Mostly that you were laughing. That's such a part of your group, but can you talk about how that impacts the way that you guys play and the way that you're able to come to these big moments and not be fazed? How has that helped you?
CIERRA DILLARD: I think it's just staying true to who we are. Like Coach said, we're a quirky group of girls, and we like to have fun and embrace everything. Yes, Red Lobster is my favorite restaurant. When she said we were going there, it kind of took me, overwhelming, because I just love Red Lobster. You know, just spending another day with my sisters and having -- continuing the time that we've had and along with knowing that a lot of other teams don't get the time to share like this, it makes me amazed, and it makes me happy. It showed -- I think it shows the chemistry that we have off the floor.

That's what got us here today on the floor, because of the chemistry that we have. You know, we make jokes and we're going to laugh and embrace the moment, but on the floor, we're serious. Coach knows that it's fun, and that's what we go by. That's what she instills in this program. We just embrace every moment. We love to have fun, we love to laugh, and we love to enjoy each other's company. Like we said, a lot of us are not from the same country.

So these are some of the last weeks we're going to be spending together? Of course not, because we're all going to -- ten years from now we're all going to have a little team trip, something like that. Or maybe meet at Red Lobster again (laughing).

So just having fun. Just embracing the moment. Embracing this amazing opportunity, because we don't take this lightly.

Q. Cassie, obviously there is no secret anymore about A'ja Wilson's game. Everybody has seen her play at this point. What is the game plan to try to stop her from having a huge day?
CASSIE OUSLER: Just she's going to get hers. We do know that she's an amazing player. Our goal is just to make every single shot difficult. Just defend like I've never defended before. Obviously our guards are going to make the guard passing even harder for her to get the ball. It's just really going to be a group effort. Yeah, just make everything hard for her. That's the goal.

Q. Cierra, you just have to beat the defending National Championship and perhaps UConn. Are you guys so loose that, you know, this moment's not too big for you? There is a sense that you have nothing to lose and you're playing with house money and all that. What's lying ahead of you here?
CIERRA DILLARD: I think it's the same mentality we've been using the last two weeks. I think going into the USF game we were considered the underdogs. Going into the Florida State game, we were considered the underdogs. Going into the South Carolina game, we were considered the underdogs. So I think it's just natural -- a natural feel that we are the underdogs and we are going to continue to focus on Buffalo. I think that's all we can do and all we will do. It's been working so far, just focusing on Buffalo. Focusing on our game plan and staying true to who we are. We can't look forward to any other game besides the game that we're going to play on Saturday. Just focusing on what we do and focusing on how we play and our identity is what we're going to do and what we have to do.

Q. Cassie, you mentioned early in the week you've seen South Carolina play a lot, and I imagine these other teams. How do you go about watching these teams as a fan a month ago to now being a competitor?
CASSIE OUSLER: Our coaches really prepared us for that. As soon as we finished last game, we were ready for this next game. So instead of watching it for entertainment, you figure out their tendencies. Once you see their specific tendencies, it's like a whole different game rather than, wow, that's a good move. You know exactly what she's probably going to do every time.

So just looking at it from that perspective is a whole different viewpoint, and our coaches just really prepare us well for that.

Q. Steph, going back to the MAAC tournament, you were asked about the MAAC team selections and maybe being slighted by not being a First-Teamer, but now being an 11 seed and being considered a, quote/unquote, Cinderella in this year's NCAA Tournament, it's not like you guys are winning these games by luck. You're blowing folks out. Do you feel slighted at all to still be considered an underdog in this tournament with how well you guys have played all season and even deep into the tournament?
STEPHANIE REID: I think we honestly embrace the underdog title. You know, if the prognosis for our games is always that we're going to lose one, whatever, and then we go in and beat them by 20, that's exciting. We like to be considered the underdog, because you go in with no expectations. People that have the expectations we're going to win, we just believe in ourselves. That's something we've embraced from the first day of June running. Coach Jack's always instilled in us that no one needs to believe in us but ourselves. We're a foxhole. We're 14 deep. Our coaches believe in us, our athletic trainers, our media staff. Everyone in our foxhole believes in us.

We've embraced the underdog. The reigning national champions, they have all the pressure on them. We don't have that pressure. We just getting to in and play free, and that's pretty exciting. That's what we've been doing the last two games. There was no expectation for us to win. We like that. That's okay. You can join us. We welcome you with open arms. After every win, we welcome the fans that want to come and support us now. We're not going to turn people away. If you didn't believe in us at first, that's okay. But we're going to keep proving every single day that we're a team that this country should believe in. We are a team that fights for everything we have. We lock our 14 horns and we go in and we fight.

That underdog title is kind of fun, because you get to do that without that expectation. You just go in and do your thing. You do it your best, and leave everything out there every single game. We all know every game could be our last for our seniors. We leave everything out there every single time. I mean, we love doing that.

Give us the underdog title. We love it. We'll own it. We'll embrace it, and we'll fight for 40 minutes and see where that takes us.

Q. Cassie, Coach suggested that you guys would try a tickling approach on A'ja Wilson. Will there be any tickling, and what stands out to you about South Carolina?
CIERRA DILLARD: She said what?

CASSIE OUSLER: Yeah, we're going to tickle her (laughing). Well, if she's getting her points, we'll try anything. As a whole they stand out because, I mean, they won a National Championship last year, so that's a given. They do have a talented bunch, but I think we match up pretty well with them, and we're going to fight like we always have been and give it all we've got.

STEPHANIE REID: She said tickling.

Q. Your family, especially your brothers, have been very entertaining all year. We've heard them be vocal encouragement for you. But with that high-character and loud voice, what's the conversation been from them the last couple days leading up into this one?
CIERRA DILLARD: Well, it's been still loud and vocal. We have a family group chat, and it's been blowing up. It's been crazy with messages, and it's actually during the game where I don't see it until the end where I just have 300 messages after the game. But it's weird because they're all together. So I don't know why they're texting the message when it's a watch party at our house together.

But, no, I have an amazing, amazing support staff. My family's been everything to me. They're the reason why I play basketball. They're the reason why I actually came back to New York and I'm able to play in this amazing program, Buffalo. Not just my family and my immediate family and my brothers and my sister and my mom and my godbrothers and all those, but Buffalo is a family itself. We have an amazing support cast. It's overwhelming sometimes because of how much support we get from the town of Buffalo. How much we get from around the country who are Buffalo alums. Buffalo has an unbelievable fan of people that support us without a doubt. It's great to be able to be a part of that family. It's great to have that support cast where they love the fight that you give. They love the success. They love the amazing people that you are. That's what it is. I think we are able to be who we are as young ladies, as basketball players, as student-athletes. Whoever we are, they love that. I think that's what helped us get here to the Sweet Sixteen.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Is it kind of a tough adjustment to be playing so early tomorrow morning at 11:30 instead of an afternoon or evening tip?
DAWN STALEY: Well, we had a few days in between having a late start on Sunday and now. We practiced a little bit earlier yesterday just to make sure that our bodies can adjust to playing early. Once you know, and we knew in plenty of time to psychologically prepare for it. So I think our players, they just said today, it seems like a really long time since we've last played. So they're champing at the bit to get out there and play a little bit.

Q. Your thoughts on Buffalo, and are they a team that can play with a little less pressure because they're the lower seed?
DAWN STALEY: I think from sitting where I sit and you sit, we could probably say yes. But this is about history for them. It's about us continuing to make history for our program, and it's a bid to go to the Elite Eight. I think we all want to continue to play. We all have aspirations of winning the National Championship.

When the ball is tipped up, I think it's anybody's game at that point. I don't think our kids are playing with any extra pressure. I think the pressure is what you put on yourselves. Obviously we hope to put a little bit of pressure on Buffalo with our defense and ability to kind of control the tempo of the game.

Q. With all the top remaining teams having tall post players, do you think that may be the determining factor of who will eventually win the National Championship, is how the bigs play? Could you also talk about the evolution of Azura Stevens' game from being a perimeter player to an inside player?
DAWN STALEY: Well, I would say this, in order for you to win and continue to win in this tournament, it's guard play. There is somebody that has to get to post the ball. Obviously, they do have to dominate when they get it. But I think with probably any team it's determined by what the guards do. Not necessarily shoot the ball. They have to facilitate, and they have to understand what's a good shot, what's a bad shot, where the ball needs to go. So the decision-makers are the guards. For post players to have great games you definitely have to put them in positions to be great and to be dominant.

As far as Azura, I think Azura has shown that she can play on the perimeter. I think what Geno and his staff are doing is they're showing her where the higher percentage shots are. I don't think they're taking that ability to shoot from the outside away. They're just adding to what she already does. I think it's a great segue into having a great career and some longevity after her college career is over. So in the pros, she'll be more of a complete, versatile player.

Q. In terms of straight seeding, you're counting the position last year where Quinnipiac was a lower seed that got to the Sweet Sixteen, how different is Buffalo from Quinnipiac where they basically get a game in their backyard?
DAWN STALEY: I think Buffalo was more, probably, your traditional style, where they have their point guard running the show and distributing and facilitating and scoring. Quinnipiac is more of a system, like a positionless team. I think Buffalo has great guard play. They play extremely well together. They make the extra pass. They know exactly where they want their shots to come from, and they're just relentless in transition, going to the boards.

So they're a lot different makeup than Quinnipiac. But we're looking forward to it. We're looking forward to the challenge. We're looking forward to playing them in somewhat a home-court advantage. It should be an exciting game.

Q. Can you talk about A'ja's development through her career, and more specifically this year and what she's added to her game this season?
DAWN STALEY: Well, with A'ja, every year she's gotten better and better, just from a skill set standpoint, from a leadership standpoint, and for understanding what she needs to do, when she needs to do it.

I think with A'ja, we've just kind of expanded her ability to bring the ball up the floor, just put the ball in her hands. Obviously, she was surrounded by a lot of great players in her first three years. Now you're seeing her play, take her game to a higher level knowing that she doesn't have as much talent as she was surrounded by in previous years. Good players make adjustments, and A'ja's made an adjustment to carrying our basketball team and doing it at a very high level.

Q. Two questions, first big picture. There are two 11 seeds still playing. You coached for a while at a mid-major school, Temple. Is it the natural development that there are some other teams, mid-majors advancing this far? Second question, Champ didn't make the trip for you, any reason you didn't feel like bringing him up here to Albany?
DAWN STALEY: First question is I was at a mid-major. The struggle for me was to make the tournament and then advance through at least the second weekend of the tournament, and you need talent. You definitely need talent. I think ten years ago when I was at Temple, you really couldn't get the talent. I think mid-majors are getting more talent at their respective schools by way of just recruiting a little bit better, recruiting a little bit differently, and also just getting the players that could play your style of play as a coach. And you're seeing some 11 seeds and maybe watch, you know, Central Michigan and Buffalo. If you pay attention to them, they play a certain level above other mid-majors, in that they spread you out, they're super selfless, they play well together, and they're well-coached. When you have those combination working for you, you advance. It's not by surprise.

As far as Champ, Champ is a warm-climate puppy, so that's why he didn't make the trip.


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 17, 2017

Tricia Fabbri
Morgan Manz
Adily Martucci
Carly Fabbri

Coral Gables, Florida

THE MODERATOR: We welcome the 12th seed, Quinnipiac. We're joined by Coach Tricia Fabbri, Carly Fabbri, Adily Martucci and Morgan Manz. And what we'll do is we'll open it up with opening remarks from Coach.

COACH FABBRI: Good afternoon. We're excited to be back in the Big Dance. We're excited to be in Miami. We're looking forward to a great game with Marquette. They've had an incredible season. Big East champions.

But we're really looking forward to an opportunity that we've worked extremely hard for, earned, and to be back here a third time in five years. We've got incredible experience. It's a great opportunity, and we're just really excited to make the most of an opportunity that we have, again, worked really hard for all year long.

And this is a moment that I don't feel is too big for this team. And, again, we're looking forward to the weekend, the competition tomorrow and the 40-plus minutes against Marquette tomorrow.

Q. Carly, it's been, like, two weeks since the MAAC final, I guess, and there's been spring break, the storm. I don't know how much of it you ended up getting or not. But just what has this all been like to go from the three games in three days in Albany to three days of hurry up and wait for tomorrow?
CARLY FABBRI: For sure, in any tournament three games in three days, it is a lot. But we felt good coming out of the MAAC Tournament, obviously having won it.

We got, I think, two days off, and then we went right back to practice and refocused. But when we found out on Monday who we were going to play, you know, we were really excited, kind of finally putting a name to a face.

But I think those days off, they helped us recover from a grueling tournament up in Albany. But we're happy to be back in tournament play. Happy to be in a warmer place in Miami. But definitely it was a long too weeks, but it helped us refocus for sure.

Q. I believe you won 10 games (indiscernible). Can you talk about how much confidence the team has here coming in? Is the confidence pretty sky high (indiscernible) accomplishing things this weekend?
ADILY MARTUCCI: Absolutely. After our little slump, the ten games straight has been really big for us and definitely grown our confidence levels. And since then we've just had a huge belief in each other and in our coaches and that's going to be huge come tomorrow.

Q. When the seeding came out on Monday and Marquette was asked their initial reactions about facing Quinnipiac, one of their guards said I've never heard of it. What are your initial reactions to that, and how does that fuel you?
CARLY FABBRI: I think that it's nothing new to us. I think a lot of teams that we do play from bigger conferences, they do have trouble pronouncing our name. They don't really know where we're from, even though we have, you know, been a major power for the past couple of years.

But, I mean, if anything it's just an extra push. We're motivated as it is. We've had this school since summer, we wanted to win our championship in the league, which we did, and we want to win a game and the NCAA Tournament. But I think we're just a little bit more focused on ourselves. I think if they don't know who we are, they're going to know who we are tomorrow.

Q. Adily, as a starter your team has been prone to slow starts. Marquette just said a little while ago in their press conference they want to start the game really well. They want to dictate pace of play, especially in the first five minutes. How do you go about combatting that?
ADILY MARTUCCI: We definitely want to do the same. I think because of our slow starts, we need to really change that and start very hot on offense. And I think the big thing about doing that is just staying confident in our own shots.

I know I am very confident in my teammates, and they're confident in me. But I think for ourselves we just need to be confident in our own shots.

Q. When you get to this game, when you talk as a team since summer, like Carly said, to win the MAAC, get to the NCAA Tournament, when you accomplish that, do you almost feel like, yeah, you're playing for yourselves, you're playing for your school, of course. But do you feel you're almost representing the MAAC, too -- in some way that you're carrying the MAAC flag a little bit when you get into this environment as well?
MORGAN MANZ: I definitely think it's an honor to represent the MAAC. There is only one team that gets to be sent here. You have to win your conference.

So being able to come here represent the MAAC in the best way we can, we're going to go out there and hopefully we can do our best.

Q. Trish, third time in five years with this team. In your mind, what sets this squad apart from the two prior teams that you sent to the NCAAs?
COACH FABBRI: That's a great question. Ultimately, I think that this team has benefited from the experience of being in not only the tournament but having won championships. They've been able to set a different expectation this year. I also think that we benefited from getting into a championship game and not winning and really having a focus and a clear vision of what they wanted for this season.

And they were unwavered in their goals and what they wanted to achieve. It was a challenge. Every season is. And we faced our challenges. But how we responded to our challenges has made this team very different than the teams that we've had in the past.

Nothing good's ever easy. I said it a million times. But how we responded to losing three out of four the end of January into the beginning of February, and now to win 10 straight, to get into this position, to earn the seed, to see Marquette on this neutral court, to remain unwavered, to stand in those challenges and to respond the way that we have all together has made this team very different.

I've said the word time and again we talked a lot about grit, resilience, finding ways. We haven't gotten out to our best starts. That's been maybe just who we are, but we have been resilient. There's no panic; there's poise in how we find ways to win. And that's what I would expect from this team tomorrow, regardless of the start.

Q. The logistics of this week, (indiscernible) or something like that. How difficult was all that to deal with from a logistics standpoint?
COACH FABBRI: Honestly, it wasn't bad at all. Because my part-time job is meteorologist. I really enjoy The Weather Channel. And so we were planning ahead.

And fortunately enough, after the Selection Show, with the weather coming and even before that, we had the plan in effect that we went grocery shopping. We had plenty of supplies on hand.

And with finding out that we were playing on Saturday really did help us that we were able to not practice on Tuesday. And the governor did close the roads down.

So there was no way -- there was a travel ban, we were not going to get on the roads. And the players can tell you that they went in, they went grocery shopping in the team room and everyone had their supplies for breakfast, lunch and dinner.

And everything was copacetic, and we were able to have very good prep days, our practice and stay in a routine. And the best thing we knew we were coming to Miami.

Maybe they weren't going anywhere for spring break but we still were able to get to Miami. So it was really a win-win for us.

Q. I know it turned inland, but how much did you guys end up getting?
COACH FABBRI: It was around 10 to 12 inches of snow and it was still pretty icy the next day, but we fared pretty well.

Q. There's three games really on their schedule that sort of jump -- the three against DePaul. DePaul locked down everybody all year, and DePaul averaged 100 in those three games. What's it about their ability to get out and go that might concern you the most?
COACH FABBRI: Yes, just because I studied up as much as I could and ironically, I just had that championship game on that night watching them play.

The synergy that they have with the three players that played on the AAU team together, you know, their connection, their ability to get out and find one another, that's a big deal. That seems to obviously carried over and turned into a short turnaround into this program that's really on the rise and playing so well right now.

But we have a game plan in place to defend what their strength is in their transition. And it's not going to be easy, because they get out and they're just talented players with a great coach that have found a great way to get out and score and average 80 points. We certainly have our hands full with them wanting to get out and play up and down. But with that said we like to go up and down ourselves.

So I like that pace. I think it's going to be an exciting basketball game for 40-plus minutes, however long it's going to take. I think it's going to be a really good women's basketball game in the tournament which is what you want to see. These are the elite teams in the 64, but they want to get out and run. I think we have our challenges, but I think we also do have a plan that's in place to hopefully try and slow that transition game down.

Q. Coach, you sort of touched on this earlier, but just how much of an advantage does your experience, the players who have been in the tournament before and just the veteran players veteran leadership, will help you tomorrow?
COACH FABBRI: Again, reflecting back to the first time and the second time, you get this excitement and happy to be here. And as the years go on, and your goals and aspirations change for your program, and within the players. And now it's a real opportunity for us, and it was talked about not only as the coaches, but when you don't have to talk about it, coaches to your team and players, when it's an expectation amongst your players and your team is talking about what they want, makes our job a lot easier.

So this is an expectation from them. They've worked extremely hard to get here. This is the moment they want. I expect them to make the most of their moment.

Q. When you went 1-3 in that stretch, was there -- what changed? There's all sorts of reasons, ball just bounces that way or whatever? Were there meetings? Did you change things? What was the catalyst to go from that to this?
COACH FABBRI: There's a lot that goes into it. There's not just one thing. There was certainly an injury to Brittany Johnson. We were playing five in and five out. We adjusted to that. There was just a flip of the calendar to February.

There were some other symbolic things that we did as a team from within, that if I believed made an impact on going back to the purpose of what we were doing, why we were doing it. And maybe that's a question that the players want to answer more than myself.

CARLY FABBRI: I think we just kind of banded together, I think. Obviously we didn't like to lose. And it was happening a little bit more frequently than we were used to in past years.

So I think we just banded together. We made some changes on the court, off the court, and we just got back to Quinnipiac basketball, sharing the ball, winning.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 17, 2017

Carolyn Kieger
Erika Davenport
Natisha Heideman
Allazia Blockton

Coral Gables, Florida

THE MODERATOR: We're start with opening comments from Coach Kieger. Then we'll open it up to the student-athletes.

COACH KIEGER: First of all, I think we're very excited to be here. We're very excited to be in our first NCAA Tournament with this group. Obviously it's a lot warmer than it was in Milwaukee. So we're excited about that.

I think our team is very thrilled to represent the Big East in this NCAA Tournament. And I'm just really happy for our players that they get to experience this.

We've had a motto for about the last two months now to make the NCAA Tournament for our lone senior, Michaela Yentz, and the fact we were able to do it and celebrate this round because she's never been there. I think it's going to be really special, and I think our girls are really excited about it.

THE MODERATOR: We have Allazia Blockton, Erika Davenport and Natisha Heideman. Questions.

Q. Erika, the momentum that you all are carrying into this, just was there a trigger over these last eight games that helped you guys find this next gear? Or was this just the culmination of just steady progress kind of throughout the course of the season?
ERIKA DAVENPORT: I feel it was steady progress. I feel like we always had it, just, like, the season, I feel like we got better, and it was just steady progress of all the momentum going through the season.

Q. From what you've seen on film with Quinnipiac, what kind of challenges do you think they present for you tomorrow?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Quinnipiac is a very good team. They're very disciplined and skilled. I think the challenge we might face is that they're a good rebounding team and we're pretty small, so keeping them off the glass will be a key part of winning the game. And I think we'll do a really good job of that tomorrow.

Q. You're obviously a team that when you can get out and run when you can put up a lot of points, you tend to do it in hurry in bunches. Quinnipiac is a team that I think it seems like they're best with a pace much slower than what you guys like to get out. How critical will it be the first few minutes to set a tone and get that pace at that level where you guys are most comfortable?
NATISHA HEIDEMAN: We're going to set the tone in the first five minutes of the game. Our whole game plan is to just play fast. That's what we've been doing all season, and that's what we'll continue to do throughout the tournament.

Q. Sometimes it's strange because women's tournaments you haven't played in a while. Sometimes the men they go from Sunday, they get right into it on Thursday in some cases how has this time helped you and how are you worried are you about maybe some rust building up from the Big East Tournament until Saturday?
ERIKA DAVENPORT: I feel that we have great trainers that help us to be energized and just making our body feel well. I feel like this time period has really helped us (indiscernible) and to get rest and do what we need to do.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Kieger.

Q. This is a bit of a homecoming for you. Is this the first time you've been back here since you've been at Marquette, and what's it like coming back here?
COACH KIEGER: Our team actually played an FIU tournament last year, so they've been back here. I've been back here. We practiced here, last year before that tournament. So that was kind of good for them to get down here and for me to kind of be back in the practice gym.

So it's very unique. It's very weird. I'm enjoying it, obviously, being back here and seeing all familiar faces. But like I told the team yesterday, for us, this is a business trip. It's not spring break. We're not coming down to Miami to have some fun. This is our first NCAA Tournament as a group and we're going to enjoy it, and we're going to have a lot of fun, but we also want to get to work.

Q. You look at the roster and it's just so young. And is this maybe even a little bit ahead of schedule for what you envisioned what was maybe like the most likely path for this program?
COACH KIEGER: When this group of sophomores came in, we knew they had a lot of talent, and it was just a matter of time and when we were going to get to where we wanted to go. Obviously last year was a lot of learning experience. They played significant minutes.

So I don't really consider this group sophomores in terms of the amount of minutes that they've logged. And our goal all season long was to get to the NCAA Tournament. So for us I don't think it was a shock. I think for others it might have been, but this was our goal from the moment we lost against Seton Hall in the Big East Tournament last year until now.

Q. You touched on the homecoming aspect, but what was the emotion like when you just saw who was in this pod with you guys and you realized who would be on the floor in the game after yours?
COACH KIEGER: I was actually writing when our name popped up and all of a sudden the team started screaming. So I looked up and I saw the 5 seed and I saw Coral Gables, and my first thought was, one, we're a 5 seed, and, two, we're playing in Coral Gables and that Miami was hosting. So congratulations to them; they deserve it.

And then obviously then, we're coming back here to where I coached. So it's a lot of emotions. Can't really put it into words, but more so I'm just really excited for our team to have, one, won the Big East and then, two, to experience what it is to be in a NCAA Tournament.

I've really talked all season long that I really want them to experience this. I remember as a player, I remember what it's like as a coach, to be here and for them to experience this and really get rewarded for their hard work, I'm just really proud of them.

Q. What stands out defensively when you look at them?
COACH KIEGER: They're very disciplined, as we talked about prior. They like to pack the paint. They play personnel very well. So I think we've got to be aware of them, face guarding our leading scorers and just changing things up.

They run a buzz defense. They're very well coached. For us we've got to, as Natisha said, play our pace, make sure we're playing Marquette basketball and don't let their defensive tendencies dictate what we're doing.

Q. The follow-up was how has what you would define as Marquette basketball kind of evolved over your three years?
COACH KIEGER: Well, I think when I got the job at Marquette, I knew the style that I wanted to play, and I knew we wanted to be up tempo. I knew it was going to take a while for them to get to the pace we want to play and understand the system that we're trying to create.

I think our offense has evolved in the last three years, and as a group we're figuring it out. And I think when you see us play now versus last year, even we know each other better. We know what I'm looking for better. They're making reads and they're reacting versus just being robots. And I think that's when we're very hard to guard is -- we're unpredictable. And we're very hard to scout.

When you watch us play, I would not want to be an assistant coach for another team because: What are they running? Sometimes I don't even know what we're running but they do a fantastic job of reading and playing off each other, and I think that's one thing that where we really evolved last year is eliminating our dribbles and our passing has improved drastically. That's the biggest thing I'm proud of in the year from last year to this year, is the way we're sharing the ball; it's phenomenal.

Q. Carolyn, Quinnipiac, this is their third NCAA Tournament appearance in the last five years. They feel that they've been to the stage; they're ready for the upset. How do you make sure that your team doesn't fall victim to the 5-12 upset?
COACH KIEGER: For us, once the NCAA Tournament starts, I don't look at seeds. You have one job. And that's to beat the opponent next to you.

And everybody is good if you make it to the NCAA Tournament. Everybody is capable of beating the person that they're playing every single night.

So for us, we've been just focussing on one game at a time. We did it for the Big East Tournament. We weren't looking ahead. We were just going to play Marquette basketball. And really we're evolving as a defensive team.

And I think that's one thing, that you look at the beginning of the year to now, we're starting to learn how to pack the paint. We're starting to learn how to play to other players' tendencies.

So for us, we've watched film on Quinnipiac for the last four days, and I think our players are really focused. And they're going to make sure that they're locked in defensively as well as offensively.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 17, 2017

Katie Meier
Adrienne Motley
Laura Cornelius
Jessica Thomas

Coral Gables, Florida

KATIE MEIER: Well, it's nice to be able to thank my own people for putting on such a great tournament so far. I'm really impressed. It really does have an NCAA feel to it. Just a big-time athletic department, a bunch of people have been putting in a lot of work. We see it, and we really appreciate it, and we just want to make sure we say thanks, because it looks great, feels great. Big-time basketball is going to occur in this building this weekend, and we're just really, really happy to be a part of it. So that's number one.

And then number two, this is just great. It's just awesome. We're thrilled. We know it's a big moment. We all came to Miami because we wanted pressure, and we wanted big moments, and here it is. I mean, we never shied away from the goal of having a third tournament here this year. The very first meeting we talked about it. We actually had the -- some friends in the conference office, the ACC, and some RPI people analyze our schedule the year before and say, well, swap out one or two games, whether we won or not, and would that have put us in a top 15 or 16 RPI, and it turned out that the Syracuse game at home last year that we lost, had we won that, and perhaps maybe beaten Notre Dame in the tournament, there was just one or two games that we could have turned and gotten us there. That's how I opened our first meeting this year with the team was, this is a goal of ours, like let's get there, all right.

But that was November. So now it's March, and we're here. So our next goal is to do something really special, and that's to win. Any time you can get any type of win in the NCAA Tournament, I don't care where it is and who care who it's against, any time you have an opportunity to compete in the NCAA Tournament, it's awesome, but we want to get a win.

Q. What's this buildup been like the last few days knowing you're going to host, and it is a different feel, it's home, but it's not home, but it is home. What has the buildup been like, and even with the guys not here, with school on break, do you notice the electricity, do you notice more of a buzz about this team than usual this week?
ADRIENNE MOTLEY: Yes, I mean, not having school, we're basically here all day, and we know the stakes are high. It's a big tournament, and just to be hosting it, we're blessed just to be hosting it. But I woke up this morning with a little bit more pep in my step knowing this game will be tomorrow. I came to the gym and just seeing how great everybody has done with the signs and just security and just everything here is just -- it's a little bit more livelier here. I think we're excited. I could just see it in everybody's faces. We're just ready to go. I haven't played in a little over a week, I think, and just to play against somebody other than the practice squad in such a big stage is just exciting, and I think we're ready. We've been watching a lot of film and just critiquing our last games, and I think we're just ready to go.

Q. It has been a while since you guys have played a game, and it feels like an eternity. What are you kind of expecting when you step on that floor tomorrow even though there is all this buzz and this excitement, it is about basketball, and will there be any rust? Are you worried about anything like that?
JESSICA THOMAS: No, I don't think so. I think we're well-prepared, the coaching staff and practice squad, they've done a great job of getting us prepared for this first game and the first round. I just think we're ready to go, like she said. It's just a feeling of urgency, honestly. It's been a little over a week, a long bye week. We're just ready to go, ready to get going and playing.

Q. Laura, they're a team that obviously they use great spacing. Any team that runs that system would have to, and we all know how prolific they are from three. What are the things that jump out that you're going to really have to keep an eye on defensively to try to disrupt them as best you can against that system?
LAURA CORNELIUS: Well, we watched a little film, and I've got to say Florida Gulf Coast is a great team. As you said, they have a great spacing on offense, and you know they all can shoot. Even their post players, their five, they can shoot. They move very well without the ball. They set a lot of off-ball screens. You know, so we've got to be low in our stance, and everybody got to defend everybody. We might switch. You never know. So yeah, they're a pretty good team, but I think we are a pretty good defensive team, also, so we've just got to lock down and get ready for their movement.

Q. Mot, you guys were the favorite last year in your opening-round game. Obviously things didn't go the way you wanted them to. How much have you all even thought about that at all, or just making sure it doesn't happen again because you know what it feels like to have an underdog coming after you?
ADRIENNE MOTLEY: I honestly haven't thought about it. It's a new year. It's a new feel to the season. But just knowing that every game might be your last, you just play with a little bit more sense of urgency. But as far as thinking about last year, I think that's long gone. We have our minds set to something bigger, and we're just focused on making sure we pursue that.

I think we just have a better vision of what we want to accomplish, and I think we're ready just to get the ball up in the air and just get going.

Q. It's been like a month and a half since you played a game; how much does that concern you?
KATIE MEIER: I'm not concerned. There are times where our conference -- just think about game after game after game against ranked opponents and how much pressure we had on us to finish strong and to do something special in the tournament. We were very, very honest about our position. They'd get RPI updates all year, so we knew. I mean, there was a point in the season where I think we were a little down because our standings in the conference, and I'm like, guys, look at your body of work, don't worry about it. It was a schedule that had us playing away on most of the ranked teams' courts, and we had done a really special job, but that ACC Tournament, we played our guts out. We really played hard. So I wasn't sad to have a couple days of rest and sort of regroup and get their legs back underneath them because that third game, the shots that -- you can't say that we were fresh. We weren't. And we need to hit when we're fresh, so I'm really excited.

It's been a minute since I've seen these guys fresh. It has been a minute, and I'm happy. I'm excited. I cannot -- it is like Christmas Eve, and I cannot wait to open up that present that's sitting under the tree. I cannot wait, because when they're fresh, we're good.

Q. How fired up is she, Mot, scale of 1 to 10?
ADRIENNE MOTLEY: Oh, 20.

Q. Coach, with the balance that they have, knowing obviously you've got to defend all five positions all the way out to the arc, do you still even knowing that, though, pay any greater notice to any -- they've had so many different players step forward with some 20-point games and occasionally 30-point games. Does that give you any kind of different worry knowing that you have to be prepared for one of their players to get hot the way some of them can?
KATIE MEIER: Yeah, I don't think that's any extra special worry. I mean, I respect their talent, and I think they have great isolation sets and a great mentality. But I mean, a balanced team, I think we're one, too, and I think you've got both coaches trying to -- we're going to have to coach really well in the game because you can't just say, well, they're all about this, and Miami is just all about that. I mean, it's just not true. So throughout the rosters up and down both teams, what match-up is going to work, I don't think either one of us can go into the game knowing for sure who's going to be on who and what's going to work.

But I think that both teams will give the ball to whoever is hot. There's no selfish player on either team.

Q. Laura, we asked coach this the other day, but those two players that are sitting right next to you, how much have they meant to this program and helping bring you guys along to where you are here today, the two ladies up there on the dais with you?
LAURA CORNELIUS: I mean, we talked a lot about this, but they're just two great players. They're great people, and you know, they've brought us here. So yeah, I'm really proud of them, and we just all want to go far for them. You know, it's their last go-around. So yeah, we're just trying to do it for them a little bit, too, yeah.

Q. How does your game day philosophy change in a Game 7? They're all Game 7s from here on out, obviously. Do you find that you're doing things a bit differently when you get to the tournament, or do you try not to?
KATIE MEIER: You know, I sort of have a philosophy, and I'm pretty clear when I'm hiring and when I'm recruiting, if you're blessed to have 35 game days, if you're blessed to have that many, or more, it comes down to, what, 70 hours of your whole entire year that you should be pretty awesome. You should be great. And I'm going to be the best version of myself in those 70 hours because they deserve that from me, and in order to stay in that, I have exactly the same routine every game day for as many years as I have coached.

Do you have to have a few more special situations probably ready because every opponent is going to be so great from here on out and there's going to be -- you want your kids very comfortable and familiar with what calls you're going to make. You don't want to surprise anybody. Sure, that might be one adjustment, but that doesn't change on game day, that's more in preparation.

Q. Just between the press conference that you guys had on Tuesday or Wednesday and the further preparation and the film, anything else that you can share that maybe you didn't expect that jumped out at you at all in any way?
KATIE MEIER: That actually is a just between you and me question. You're not going to catch me on that one. Their system is what they are, and their players make it work, and they do a great job. It's complicated, and I think that you see their conference and you know how they've just been so great in their conference, and so you watch their conference foes because it's just like watching us. You're going to want to watch Florida State's games for Miami because we play each other three times a year. You get a lot of information from seeing what their conference is trying to do to them.

Q. Did you talk to Lynn? Did you call her at all for any tips?
KATIE MEIER: No, they're going to protect their conference.

Q. Is that protocol?
KATIE MEIER: That's pretty standard.

Q. Yes, Jessica, how important are the first five minutes going to be, or just the start really in general? You know it's going to be hopefully a pretty exciting atmosphere, there should be some people there. Is it critical to just get a jump early and dictate the flow instead of having it dictated under you?
JESSICA THOMAS: Yeah, especially on the home floor. Our main focus this season has just been about starting the game off right. We're probably one of the most complex teams where we have different starting lineups, different games, different weeks, whatever. You know, we take pride in the starting lineup to make sure we start off right, set the tone early, and get everybody else going because we know we set the tone.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 17, 2017

Karl Smesko
Jordin Alexander
Taylor Gadinjan
China Dow

Coral Gables, Florida

COACH SMESKO: We're excited to represent the Atlantic Sun Conference in the NCAA tournament. We know that we have a great competitor to go up against, in Miami. They're an excellent time, very well coached. Good at every position. So we have our work cut out for us, but we're excited for the opportunity, and we're preparing to give our best effort.

Q. Taylor, how much momentum are you hoping to carry over from winning the way you did in the title game, having to rally and all that?
TAYLOR GRADINJAN: I mean, I hope so. It's always good to go in with a lot of energy and momentum, so if we could remember what it feels to win like that and carry it over to tomorrow's game, we need to come out with energy and bring it the entire game, and hopefully we get the outcome we want.

Q. As a follow-up, the 2 and 5 or whatever it was at the start is obviously not something that you all are used to over there. How difficult was it to believe that this was going to be a process and that there was still a lot of basketball to be played? How difficult was it to not get too down just based on the early results of the season?
TAYLOR GRADINJAN: I don't know. We were still learning in the beginning of the season. We had a brand new team, and we were still trying to come together. So it was a struggle in the beginning just to come together and start playing well together and learn each other's abilities. So we knew that was going to happen, so it didn't really get us down, but we had to keep fighting through it. And I think that's one of the reasons why we're so good now is that we fought throughout the season because we knew we had to keep improving if we wanted to make big things happen.

Q. Jordan, not to give away any secrets or anything, but what have you guys seen looking at Miami and what can you say about the kind of challenge that they'll be tomorrow?
JORDIN ALEXANDER: Yeah, like Coach said, they're a great team. I think one of the biggest advantages for us is our preparation. Coach is one of the best in the country in that aspect, and I think the team is really embracing that. And if we can go out there and just execute our game plan, I think, yeah, we'll be in a good position.

Q. Ladies, how does it feel to be closer to it for China, and Jordan?
CHINA DOW: It feels good. You know, I came here my freshmen year, but it feels good to be here with this team because everybody was doubting us. But I think it feels great. I think it's going to be fun. We just gotta enjoy the moment.

JORDIN ALEXANDER: Yeah. No. I'm so excited. Yeah, it's been a dream for me like ever since I was a little kid to play in a NCAA tournament. So I'm really excited for us to have an opportunity to compete at this level.

Q. How is your shoulder?
JORDIN ALEXANDER: Yeah, no. It's feeling good actually, so yeah, I've been doing some rehab on it and everything this week. So it's feeling good today.

Q. Popped it back in? Was that accurate? What happened?
JORDIN ALEXANDER: Yeah, yeah, it just like -- yeah, it popped out and then it popped back in on its own. So it's not like a full dislocation, but yeah, it's all good.

Q. Ever happen before?
JORDIN ALEXANDER: Yeah, it has happened before, so I like knew the feeling and everything. So I just had to like get the strength back. It's like really weak right when it happens.

Q. Taylor, what advice have you had for teammates whom this is their first NCAA tournament game?
TAYLOR GRADINJAN: I mean, just coming in, being excited and still being able to control that excitement. We're here for a reason. We do have a game plan to follow. We can't slip up, because we're playing a good team, and basically just sticking to what we know and not letting the excitement get to them?

Q. Karl, I recall over in Naples -- or I'm sorry, over in?
KARL SMESKO: Germain.

Q. Thank you. I'm sorry. It's been a long day. I remember we talked when you were 2 and 5, too, and you knew it was going to be a process, but was there something that you could point to that said, okay, this is where we're starting to get it? Was there a point or was it just like a natural progression?
COACH SMESKO: Yeah, it was pretty slow and incremental. I think one of the reasons and maybe the biggest reason we were able to make progress during the year is we have a great staff, the assistant coaches. And we had so many new players, and they needed a lot of talking to and getting on board with how we do things. And our assistants did a great job of getting people back into the program and how we do things and the attitude that you need to have.

And that with, you know, we have leadership with Jordy and Taylor. But we definitely needed the assistants' help to get people progressing and just having the attitude that, yeah, this isn't where we want to be as a program, and the only way to change that is to get a little bit better each day and have a good attitude about it and pull this together.

I can remember when we were 2 and 5, you know, we talked about it. And I told them, hey, I've never been 2 and 5 as a coach, so this is new for me, too. So the only thing I know to do is to go back to work and compete at it and try to help you as best I can and hopefully you guys will have the same attitude.

Q. Going through that adversity, going through having a chance to host and then losing the finale at home and all that and having to go into a place and deal with more adversity. How much did what you went through in November ultimately help you last weekend?
COACH SMESKO: It's tough to say. You would think that it did. Our players and our fans are very close, and our fans are also very honest to them, where at the beginning of the year, you know, they would have to hear that you're not playing like FGCU.

This isn't what we're used to seeing. So to overcome that and to start feeling confident in the way we were playing, and then, you know, to have a setback and be able to respond well to it -- I thought we were all really disappointed when we lost our last home game so we wouldn't be able to host. But I did think there was a feeling within our locker room that everybody in there thought we could still win the tournament if we had the right attitude. So it was pretty comparable to having the right attitude after a slow start. So I think it definitely helped us.

Q. Finally, I'm sorry to filibuster, but you're the only team of the four that's sort of on a quote-unquote normal schedule. You played a few days ago. Everybody else has been off 11, 12, 13, 14 days. One, do you like that for the women's tournament, how that seems to be so common? And two, is there any advantage in being closer to a normal routine than the teams that have been sitting around for a couple of weeks?
COACH SMESKO: You know, we've done both, and you may think one is an advantage over the other, but I'm not sure that you could really prove it. Like when we had -- I think the year we played St. Bonaventure, I think we had two weeks that time. I would have to check to make sure. But you get a chance to take a couple days off, and then you get to really hit fundamentals for a week and then you can get to the preparation, and I enjoy that. I think the players enjoy just getting back out there and playing another game.

So I'm not sure one's an advantage over the other. I think you could have arguments either way.

Q. For any of the three players, there's a degree of athleticism all over the floor for Miami that's about as good -- I guess maybe as you guys have seen, including their interior players. Just how do you approach that and how do you address that?
CHINA DOW: I mean, honestly, I think when we was in the tournament we got a little taste of athleticism playing Ohio State and stuff. And I think we'll be fine as long as we go with what Coach tells us to do. As long as we do everything we need to do, I think we'll be fine.

JORDIN ALEXANDER: I think our defense is going to be huge, little things in that area, and yeah, boxing out. So I think that'll kind of help combatting that athleticism a little bit. Just doing the little things that Coach has been preaching all year.

Q. This is kind of for any of the players. Does it ever get tiring? Maybe that's the wrong word. But you -- the program gets so much notoriety for threes. It's the hashtag, all that. But there's obviously much more to the system. It's not like you're coming down and jacking five 3s a game. Is it a little bit frustrating or do you think maybe it's a little bit of a misunderstanding that that's all this program is five out, just going to shoot it, first one to touch it is just going to jack it up? Have you ever found that to be disappointing or frustrating in any way?
TAYLOR GRADINJAN: I mean, I don't find it disappointing. I think it's more our fans thinking we're really good three-point shooters. And it is something we do, and we always work on it, and we take pride in how our shooting percentage is, but no, it doesn't limit us to just our three-point shots. And we know as players very well that that's not all we do. We're taught very detailed, complex stuff day by day, and we don't take disrespect people that say raining threes or anything like that. We just know that's what they understand about us.

Q. Karl, you have a smile on your face evaluating Taylor's answer there to some degree. Do you want to give us a critique of perspective?
COACH SMESKO: I think she's doing excellent. I think they've all been doing a very good job up here.

Q. You seemed pleased with her perspective.
COACH SMESKO: It just -- she understands how we play. She's been here the longest. So she has a very good understanding of how we play basketball at FGCU, and I thought she did a good job saying -- hey, she knows there's more to it than threes, but she doesn't get offended if somebody wants to emphasize the threes, especially, I mean, Taylor is pretty good at threes.

Q. Taylor and China, I think you're both back next season. So to Jordin, just can you talk about this one and only opportunity for you?
JORDIN ALEXANDER: Yeah, I mean it's been an incredible experience so far. I couldn't have asked for a better way to go out. And yeah, just have the opportunity to be coached by one of the best coaches in the country and play for such great teammates and everything, it really has been an awesome experience.

Q. Karl, do coaches call you in the summer and ask you to kind of explain the system? I mean you can't look at one or two games and figure it out.
COACH SMESKO: You know, I mean we get called by coaches from time to time, particularly at the college level, who want to better understand what we're doing. And I have sat down with coaches before. It's not something I really like to do. But when I think about it in terms of I like learning from other people. So it's only fair to take some time to help teach other coaches as well.

But we have a style that you have to be really committed to, so it's not something, like we will sprinkle in some things from what we see from others, but our style isn't something that you could really sprinkle in. You've gotta be committed to it and teach it every day or it just isn't going to work for you. And I think sometimes when we go over it with people, they're like, wow, that's really good. I don't know that I want to invest that much into making that exactly who we are.

Q. I'm guessing you're okay with that?
COACH SMESKO: Yeah?

Q. China or Jordin, we've asked the men recently about the university-wide success athletically and the baseball team is just having a tear right now, and the men were talking about you guys. This is the first year both basketball teams are in the tournament the same year. Can either of the newer ladies on the floor I guess offer your perspective on -- maybe Jordin just because it's one year in -- what it's like seeing that, being within that?
JORDIN ALEXANDER: Yeah, I mean it's awesome to be a part of a whole athletic program that has so many great programs within it. And yeah, it's great for the school also, you know, having so many teams doing so well, and I think it kind of brings the teams together, with all the teams doing well, it kind of helps our support also from students and everything.

CHINA DOW: Yeah, it's fun. And all of our fans appreciate it too because all fans go to every game. But I think it's fun. It's enjoyable on campus to liven up a little bit and do what we gotta do. It's sports.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 18, 2017

Tricia Fabbri
Paula Strautmane
Adily Martucci
Jen Fay

Coral Gables, Florida

HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: When we won the MAAC Championship close to two weeks ago I told my young ladies to enjoy the moment, because you never know. We worked very hard to win that title. But I also said, don't be satisfied. We weren't finished yet.

And then today we came down here to win a game and advance into Monday and our goal was to play to win Monday. It's a goal that we started last year when we left for summer and we continued just to move forward with our mission. And here we are getting ready to play in the field of 32 come Monday night.

Q. For any of the players, you had the great first half. You're up 19. You go to the third quarter. What's the feeling on the bench, the huddle, the floor, while they're chipping away at the lead? You had to stay positive during the fourth quarter?
ADILY MARTUCCI: Absolutely. We knew -- they're a great team. And we knew that was going to be a tough battle. And teams usually come back. We just knew that we had to stay strong. We had to stay gritty, mentally tough. And that's actually our identity. That's how we identify ourselves is very gritty, just the perseverance with this team is amazing. It makes me so proud. They're a great team and we knew it was going to be a tough battle.

JEN FAY: Having a really good start helped us kind of get a lead and get a feel for the game. That helped us boost our confidence in the beginning.

Q. (INAUDIBLE.)
JEN FAY: We've been in that position before when we were up a lot. We just had to stay relaxed, stay poised and we got the job done.

Q. I think you guys know this question is coming, but Natisha Niedeman said she'd never heard of Quinnipiac before today. What's the message to her and Marquette now?
ADILY MARTUCCI: They know who we are. I think everyone knows who we are now.

JEN FAY: Yeah. I think everyone knows who we are now at this point.

Q. Adily, you had arguably one of the biggest plays at the end of the game with that big block. What was going through your mind when you saw her go up for the three and just making sure that you saved your season?
ADILY MARTUCCI: Allazia is a great player, I knew that she didn't get any three point shots up. She shoots the ball really well. Really, when it came down to it, I just knew that I had to be in her stuff. And my hands had to be up, because we knew she was going to watch it. She's a play maker. Basically just shading her left hand with my right hand and hoping that that was a block and it ended up being one.

Q. For any of the players, when the last second shot goes up, what's going through your mind? What's going through your mind there?
JEN FAY: I thought we deserved to win, so I was just crossing my fingers that it wasn't going to go in.

ADILY MARTUCCI: It was a great shot. We're glad it didn't go in.

JEN FAY: Yeah.

HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: Welcome to March Madness.

Q. You had fouls to give, obviously in that last possession. Did you think about using them at all?
HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: No, because I think there was 2.6 seconds left and it was a catch and shoot. And we had defended very well all night. I trusted our defense, defending the three-point line on that shot.

Q. Finally, that shot, it was the perfect line. How good was your look at it and did you think it was down?
HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: It was great and it was in and it was out and walked right down the line and shook the coach's hand.

Q. It seemed like through a lot of the second half when you did need a big basket or a big steal, Jen came up with. Talk about her play overall?
HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: Incredible. It's not the first time I've seen a performance by her in that nature. She had it against Temple, and completely talented player offensively, great IQ, and you got to wit firsthand on the big stage just how good she is, you saw incredible spin dribble. The ability to pull a three-point shot. When we need her the most she's been really great all season long. And she just wanted the ball all game long. She didn't shy away from the shot, whether she missed it or it went down, she wanted it. And she made incredible plays for us all evening. And we needed that. And she delivered.

Q. With everyone looking at Quinnipiac now. You're in the round of 32. You're one win from the Sweet 16 with a lot of national attention. What do you have to say to the rest of the nation that is looking at, hey, Quinnipiac I've never heard of them before?
HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: This team deserves the recognition. I think we really flew unjustly under the radar going into the tournament. There was the sexy matchup with Marquette and Miami looming in the game Monday night. And the only way that was going to change that was a win here today. And we took care of business, just like we have not only this year -- well, in a big way -- but what we've done over the course of the last five years, getting into the tournament the last three of the five years. We did. We handled our business. And that's what we had to do to get the real attention that this program and in particular this team deserves. I saw the 81-69 pick, as well. And not only nationally, but this team has been so good all year long in tough spots, and there wasn't a tougher spot with a team like Marquette, how they come at you offensively, and not only did they make their push in the run, but we not only defended in the biggest spots but had the right answer in the clutch spots. And that's what this team has done all season long.

Q. People are going to talk about the run at the end. But how critical was it to go into the half on a run of your own? After 10 or 12 in a row for them in the second quarter, you getting it back to double figures, how important was that?
HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: Not only that, we were dealing with foul trouble. We had Jen Fay on the bench with two fouls. I had Aryn McClure, I had Paula Strautmane on the bench with two fouls, managing all that with two fouls going into the locker room, I believe it was 43-30 and closing out the half the way we did. Credit to this team and my coaches.

Q. You were saying on the radio that throughout the MAAC Conference tournament, falling behind earlier, rally to win, three times. Today you jumped out to a seriously 16 point lead, shot almost 60 percent from the field in the first half. That had to be super important to be the hunted not the Hunter as the game progressed?
HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: It was certainly something that the coaching staff talked about, with us flying so far under the radar going into the match, who was definitely wearing the bulls eye on the back in this game. We were breathing a little easier and we just knew we had a great team, a great preparation. And to be honest with you, our shoot around this morning was the best it's ever been. The laser focus. The ready to go. And my AD said we're going to be hard to beat today. That's on the record at a text at 9:30th morning on the bus back.

Q. What does the step stool signify for this team?
HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: That's been a number of symbolic pieces that we've done, February into going up to the MAAC tournament. And now for this program that we talked about last summer was taking the next step. And it was the step stool with two steps, and that's what we came here to do, take the next step. And that's what we've started every practice with, when we get into our circle, just a message and a real focus on the purpose. And it's right in front of us and it's been really good for us, very rewarding of why we're doing it, front and center. And we took one step today.

Q. You opened with FGCU, obviously it's going to be 90 minutes anyway, but does it matter who you get Monday night?
HEAD COACH TRICIA FABBRI: We're going to play who we're going to play. But Florida Golf Coast, FGCU, we've had a great rivalry going back three years, and we were able to get them the first game in the season. They beat us the two previous seasons and great games. So obviously his team was young and he's done a great job all season long, so I'm anxious to go watch.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 18, 2017

Carolyn Kieger
Natisha Hiedeman
Allazia Blockton
Erika Davenport

Coral Gables, Florida

HEAD COACH CAROLYN KIEGER: First I want to give a lot of credit to Quinnipiac. They played fantastic, very confident. And they came out with a lot of fight the first half. I also want to give a lot of credit to my players and my staff for how far we've come. I'm really, really proud of our whole entire program. We've come a long way in three years and I'm glad we've got to have this experience here at the NCAA tournament, because we've worked really hard for it. We know we're just getting started. We talked about in the locker room we have to remember this pain. We have to remember what this feels like and use it for motivation.

Q. You were a big part of the come back, what was the mindset after being down 19 to rally the team back?
ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: We're a team that just keeps fighting. We've been down before, this isn't the first time we've been down at half. So we just said we need to leave it all on the floor. And I think we rallied together. I wish we could have played a little stronger the first half and had the same fight in the first half we did in the second half.

Q. Natisha, on the last shot, it just looked like it was dead center. What was the view you had, and did you think it was good when you let it go?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Yeah, coach threw up the play for me to hit the three to tie the game. When I shot it it looked good. It was halfway down. I guess it wasn't supposed to go in, I guess.

Q. What was it like to play on a stage like this?
ERIKA DAVENPORT: I feel like honestly it was a blessing to even make it here, to even play on this stage. I feel like we learned a lot of lessons on this stage. Honestly, I wouldn't trade any of them.

NATISHA HIEDEMAN: I would say the same thing, making it here is a great accomplishment. We came a long way from last year to this year. I'm just already ready for next year and looking forward to it.

ALLAZIA BLOCKTON: Like they said, it's a blessing to even get here. But we're not satisfied. We'll be back next year and better and stronger.

Q. Natisha, you said you'd never heard of Quinnipiac before this game. Now after playing them, what can you say about them, and their mentality a Mid-Major to come in and knock off a Big East champion?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: Quinnipiac is a great team. I give them all the credit. They played hard. They had a great first half. They had a great everything. They played with a lot of fight. I give them all the credit and I wish them best of luck in the tournament.

Q. Natisha, can you go over, I think about 18, 20 seconds left the blocked shot. Did you feel her there or what happened on that play?
NATISHA HIEDEMAN: I just tried to create space and it wasn't there, it was a forced shot.

Q. Is this game sort of a microcosm of maybe the first three years? Such a hill to get over and you could see it coming, see it coming, just sort of ran out of time? And how nice is it to already hear your kids talking about what this is going to mean going forward to you guys?
HEAD COACH CAROLYN KIEGER: I mean definitely. I think you could see they were nervous to start this game. I think everybody in the building knew it. We just tried to keep them confident. We try to get them to calm down little bit. Obviously I feel like if we had more time we would have came out on top. Unfortunately you only get 40 minutes.

But the fact that they're hungry and the fact that they want to learn from this, as proud as I am of them, I didn't want to go in that locker room and say congratulations, we made it, because I really do believe that there's a phenomenal amount of potential in that room. And we are just really getting started. And I want them to know that this is a step and we should be proud of where we came, but we got to think of ourselves as an elite program. And that's what I want them to do. And that's how we've got to think. We've got to learn from this.

You're right, the last three years have been a lot of ups and downs. To be here is amazing, but in our mind I think we all thought we deserve to be here, and we wanted to still be playing.

Q. It seemed like Erika was a big part of your offensive game plan, what did you see in that matchup?
HEAD COACH CAROLYN KIEGER: They do a great job of packing the paint. And they front a lot. We knew Erika was going to be able to use her athleticism and strength down low. Obviously she had a great game. I think sometimes we forced it to her in the first hatch. And I think that was kind of jitters and whatnot. I give a lot of credit to Erika's fight. And the way she attacks that rebound, she's relentless, she's really hard to guard.

Q. Quinnipiac seemed to do a good job in the first half of controlling the pace, and slowing everything down. Did you tell your team anything at halftime about controlling the pace and speeding the game up?
HEAD COACH CAROLYN KIEGER: Definitely. We tried to make as many adjustments as we possibly could there at halftime. And I think our players did a great job of focusing and kind of honing in on that second half of listening. Obviously they did a great job of packing the paint and really keying in on our leading scorers. Like I said, I give them a lot of credit. And we've got to learn from it.

Q. What do you think changed for your guys in the fourth quarter to enable you of being three to tie that game?
HEAD COACH CAROLYN KIEGER: We started playing the way we always do. And that's fast and that's frantic and that's getting up in full court pressure. That was the game plan to start the game. Obviously to start out in our press, and we just didn't have the energy and the fight we did in that fourth quarter. Nothing different.

The biggest key that I see, though, is our points in the paint. We had 34 in the paint. And our whole defensive game plan was to pack the paint and not let them in there, and we did not do a great job of doing that tonight.

Q. McKayla went three for four on three pointers, I want to know why she wasn't able to good get more shots off. And I don't think you had her down at the end when you were hunting that three pointer to tie. If you could talk about that?
HEAD COACH CAROLYN KIEGER: Yeah, I think McKayla was open quite a bit and our guards missed her, to be honest. She scores a lot off from behinds and a lot off open windows and drift passes. And I think we missed her a lot. That play that we drew up and we run it all the time and Natisha, I'll give that look again. And I can't tell you how many times Natisha has made that shot in practice. We use McKayla as a decoy and we run her off. And we've made that shot several times in practice, and I definitely won't second-guess that

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 18, 2017

Katie Meier
Keyona Hayes
Jessica Thomas
Emese Hof

Coral Gables, Florida

Miami - 62, Florida Gulf Coast - 60

KATIE MEIER: Yeah, I don't think that was the beautiful offensive display that both coaches in the crowd probably wasn't expecting, but there were a lot of veteran plays down the stretch, so congratulations to Gulf Coast. I thought they played tough when they started getting hot from the three there. That was their true identity, so their second half performance from the three is more indicative of who they are, and we know that. So when they started getting comfortable, that's why they're so good. That's why they have so many wins on the year, and that's why they were in this tournament at our place. We had to counter that with our inside game, and that was not a surprise. That we knew coming in.

But I think in the first half when they were cold from the three and we broke the rhythm a little bit, give us some credit for that, but we should have taken -- we had a nice lead there that we kind of lost our focus and let slip. So then when it comes down to it, you know, one big three and then they're -- they hit them in bunches, and they did. A couple mistakes late game for us, but we're still alive, and we are very excited for the crowd that showed up for us, and we're excited to have an exciting game for them, and we're excited to continue to play.

We are going to take it, and we're going to move on and we're going to get ready for our next game on Monday.

Q. Keyona, your last play, obviously not the last play of the game, you kind of cut across, you post-up, and then just sort of take us through were you just thinking you were going to overpower Taylor or did you know that -- did you know she was there? What was your thinking when you took the entry pass?
KEYONA HAYES: I felt her. I knew she was there. But she's a lot smaller than I am, so I just took my time and laid the ball up.

Q. Jessica, what does this mean big picture for you guys? Like Coach said, it wasn't offensively pretty at times, but to grind and then to have the lead most of the night and then lose it twice in the final two minutes and survive, what does that mean about where this team is toughness wise right now?
JESSICA THOMAS: I think we're definitely mentally tough. It came down to making veteran plays at the end, and I'll keep saying it, I think I've been saying it from the beginning of the season, but we executed when we needed to. We had a few gutsy plays where a few mishaps and stuff like that, but as far as this team, I think we just had the will to win. We had the will to win, and didn't want to take no for an answer.

I mean, it just came down to being sharp every play, every possession, and just controlling the game.

Q. What were you guys thinking when Motley went out toward the end there?
JESSICA THOMAS: I knew we had a 20-second delay because of the substitution, but it was kind of weird, I was like, Mot fouled out? But when she stepped out, we knew what we had to do. People knew they had to step up, and I think that's what's so special about this team is we know our roles and we know what we've got to do when certain people aren't on the floor. I mean, it was a tough loss, but at the same time, I think we knew we definitely had to make sure we executed this game and finished it off strong for her.

Q. Keyona, back to that play where you posted up, that blocked charge is always a difficult thing. Do you feel there was any dispute or controversy on that play, whether it was a block or whether it was an offensive foul or not?
KEYONA HAYES: I mean, it's the NCAA Tournament, and it's the last like couple of seconds of the game, and I'm just happy the refs let us play. It was a good no-call.

Q. Jessica, just your thoughts on Monday's game?
JESSICA THOMAS: As far as what?

Q. You have another chance to keep going.
JESSICA THOMAS: I think as a team we're definitely excited and we're happy to survive and advance. We've got another tough opponent in front of us coming up on Monday, got to lock and load again, be mentally prepared, lock into the game plan. I know our coaches and the staff, they'll get us right. They'll get us prepared. Just looking forward to having another opportunity to play some more basketball, especially as seniors.

Q. The three-point play with 49 seconds left, that looked like you sort of made something out of nothing, and then whoever cut baseline with 16 left, I forget who that was, who you found on that pass, are you comfortable with just having the ball in your hands in the last minute of a game, because you had to make two very big plays that have kind of been forgotten about already because of the way it all ended.
EMESE HOF: I think I am like comfortable with the ball, and yeah. I didn't even think about it, I think. They doubled key haze, so Key-key was wide open. It was even a pretty sloppy pass. I have to admit that. But she got it, and yeah, we made it work as a team.

Q. Emese, going into Monday you're going to have a much better match-up on the inside. I don't think it's going to be as easy. Not that it was easy, but you definitely had a few mismatches there. What have you guys done to prepare for that, for the bigs?
EMESE HOF: Just like catching the ball high and keeping it high to throw it, basically make lay-ups. But it's going to be different Monday, and personally I'm happy about that. But we'll be fine. We're just going to make it work. Anyway, we have a lot of people we can rely on, and we'll get there.

Q. If you knew three hours ago you were going to shoot 1 for 14 from three and Mot was going to have four, you would not have probably envisioned that you'd be playing on Monday is my guess?
KATIE MEIER: Exactly, no. But that's something about this team. I don't even think last year we could have handled that. I'm pretty sure we couldn't have. And yet we've been in -- we've had a lot of just -- this journey has been full of adversity, and it's been full of gut checks, and it's been full of that's a surprise. I'll tell you, Mot is as sharp as she's been all season. She's been great as we prepared.

You know, and it's not -- I mean, you ask how do we feel when she fouled out. That wasn't this huge moment for us. It just wasn't. Okay, so we got Laura, we got Key-key, and we're just going to keep going.

I think that was crucial, our composure. We just were coaching every possession, every second. We didn't get too big into, oh, my gosh, it's a close game. We expected that, and then it was just a matter of -- I said in the press conference, the preview press conference we had in here that the coaches are going to have to coach very well within the game because these teams are too good to let you go to your identity, and that's going to win the game. The teams are too smart. Every call they called -- every call we called, they knew. The scouting was great. So yeah, you have to do something different. You're going to have to reinvent yourself in the middle of the game, and we did. We went inside quite a bit, and I thought that was crucial for us.

Q. When you have a game like this, when you have two posts that are like head and shoulders taller than anybody who's going to be guarding them, there's going to be a lot of contact, a lot of people on the floor. How much are you concerned going into a game like that that any time there's bodies on the floor, there's a natural reaction to blow a whistle. Were you worried that going to your strength might backfire on you a little bit?
KATIE MEIER: Right, well, I told you the game would be can we play our bigs. Are they going to try to foul them out with their drawing charge action, and then are we going to be able to defend. They had China Dow going downhill and I thought Hof did a pretty good job, but at the end there, they got a lay-up on us and a couple fouls on Emese that she was walling up. That was the whole game, and we knew that. But on that last play, I'll have to look at it for Hayes, but she was very balanced. She was very balanced, and we had practiced balance and pivots and whatever, and we had practiced that because we knew how they would go, and she was pretty deep near the basket, too, so I felt good about it, and we absolutely were going into her with Thomas. The whole play was action to go Thomas to Hayes. We were going to go with our seniors.

Q. Just wondering if you spoke to the degree of rally that they brought to you guys and if in any way a game never comes down to the last two calls if you guys feel in any way -- what's your perspective on the end game, two no-calls, I guess, that you guys were the beneficiaries of, the final basket for you guys for the win --
KATIE MEIER: I think I'm getting your perspective. I'm sorry, but it sounds like I'm getting your perspective.

Q. Do you feel fortunate at all that with what FGCU brought at you guys that you're able to get out of this one with a win?
KATIE MEIER: I feel great about the win. I feel great about the crowd. I feel great about the environment that we had. We executed down the stretch, and they executed down the stretch. They got -- I feel great. I did compliment them when you weren't in here. I thought they did a great job and they did a great job of hitting big shots, and they found their identity in the second half. Yeah, they had a great season, and they deserved every win that they have.

Q. There is commentary on TV about two no-calls at the end, the game-winning basket and their inbound on the final play, that commentary that either or both could have been called as fouls.
KATIE MEIER: Yeah, I think throughout the game, whatever segment you want to pick, you can always do that.

Q. With 8.6 seconds left in the game, tied 60-60, I saw Laura in the time-out, very vocal. Can you share with us what she was saying or what you guys were talking about?
KATIE MEIER: She's just a great natural leader. She's been in a ton of big moments, world championships, European championships, and ever since she's always been playing above her age group, so the first time I saw her, I was the U-19 national team coach and she was 16 years old screaming in her huddle yelling at these 20-year olds. She's just amazing. She was very clear. She had specific questions for me and wanted to make sure she communicated them to the team. You know, she wasn't playing great. She had some turnovers that really hurt us, but late-game stuff, she's in control and real great command.

Q. You know when a team is up all day and then you lose it in the last two minutes, you know that 99 percent of teams probably don't win that game on empirical evidence, but you know what I mean. What's it say about where you guys are that you weren't having flashbacks to last year.
KATIE MEIER: That's the thing. You know, I mean, I'm not trying to give myself credit by any stretch of the imagination, but like you have to be prepared. I mean, these teams are great, and we were -- we got away with a lot in the first half in terms of they got a bunch of threes off and they weren't making them, and so it wasn't like I sat there and said, they're just going to continue to miss all game. You have to have some -- one of the hardest things about being a coach is you have to run through a lot of scenarios prior to the game, and it's hard on you because you have to run through some negative scenarios, too, just so that you're prepared, so that you have a script and you go through them and you know them. So as you're in moments, and then they pop up, you've got to be prepared for them.

You know, clearly Davenport shouldn't have pinched off the shooter in the corner to give them that shot. We talked about it, it was clearly what we did, and I yelled at her in the locker room but I wasn't going to waste the time yelling at her that then, right? That's just not smart. So we coach the next play, and then we got to the locker room and we had a conversation, and Erykah is the greatest kid in the world, but those are things that as a coach you just -- there was still time on the clock and we had something we had to do. We were all very -- just very, very, I thought, composed and calm.

Q. Do you almost feel like the pressure is off a little bit? Now you've got kids that know what this feeling is like? There had to be pressure being at home. It's an advantage, sure, but it comes with additional pressure. Do you almost feel like you're going to get more of what you've been kind of all season Monday?
KATIE MEIER: Yeah, we didn't play our best basketball game of the year, and you want to. I mean, you want to in the NCAA, wherever it is. And I think that the crowd certainly -- I thought our crowd was so positive, so excited. They were -- I got a thousand texts already people are mad at me because they were going to -- their heart rate was up. But I thought that our crowd, the energy was great, and our players had this true belief, and yeah, I'm just -- we're going to keep -- great on the glass, and I'm glad you mentioned Emese Hof because basically the way they were playing, she turned into a point guard. She turned into a point guard tonight, and I ran everything through Emese, and I said at halftime, we're going through Hof because of the way Gulf Coast was playing us, Hof was making a ton of big time decisions for us, and I thought she did a fantastic job.

Q. Can you talk about the challenge you have Monday at Quinnipiac both in terms of their team and also the quick turnaround from a scouting standpoint and also for the kids' legs and all that.
KATIE MEIER: Right. I have never, ever looked ahead. I never have done it in my profession. We just played three games in a row in the ACC Tournament. I had no idea -- came out of the press conference, and my staff is tremendous. They're so talented. I didn't have a particular opinion whether it was going to be Marquette, who we were going to be playing. I was so locked in, I stayed with the team in the hotel and came over on the bus with them instead of watching that game. I only watched a little bit of it. But we can adapt. We have a very, very great IQ on this team, just a tremendous IQ, and they're going to want my plan, and they're going to want it pretty quick, and I'm going to want my plan for my assistant coaches and they're going to give it to me pretty quick, and we're going to be ready. But the team can really take it and we can reinvent ourselves. But I never thought in a million years, like Tim said, you're 1 for 14 from the three and you come out with a victory, and we need three-pointers. I mean, we do. They're a team that kind of dares you to shoot over them. So if you'd have told me that before, I wouldn't have been prepared for that, but I promise, we'll get there. We'll get where we need to be for Monday, and just the crowd is going to be huge, and I hope everybody can really get out in the community and give us that advantage again.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 18, 2017

Karl Smesko
Haley Laughter
Taylor Gradinjan

Coral Gables, Florida

THE MODERATOR: We're joined by Florida Gulf Coast University head coach Karl Smesko and student-athletes Haley Laughter and Taylor Gradinjan.

COACH SMESKO: Obviously a very disappointing ending. We came here with the idea that we were going to win and advance. The first half we didn't play particularly well or shoot it. We were a little rattled early.

It was a little, it was my fault it took a little long to make an adjustment versus their 1-3-1. I thought we did a better job against that later in the half and in the second half. But I couldn't be more proud of the way our kids fought back.

We started off shooting it really poor, but we just hung around and then when we start playing when we're capable of playing it was a game to literally the last second.

I'm really proud of our team, really disappointed that we don't get a chance to play again, because I like the way we're competing right now. And this is the heartbreak in March, and hopefully everybody can at least see how competitive our team is and how hard they're willing to work and how much fight they have in them.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for the student-athletes only.

Q. Taylor, on the last play, on the defensive end where you stood in for the charge, no call, what was your perspective on the play?
TAYLOR GRADINJAN: It's disappointing. But that's what the refs thought it was, and you gotta deal with it. We had another chance to bring it down on the other end, and we just didn't accelerate from what we had. So nothing we could do about it. It sucks, but it was a good play by their post move and you gotta deal with it.

Q. Haley, it seemed as though you guys were just waiting for that one spurt, and then it finally came, maybe on the five-point play, late in the third or something like that. How were you able to keep confidence up when nothing was falling for so long for you guys?
HALEY LAUGHTER: We came in at halftime and we kind of regrouped, and we told each other we're only down, I don't remember how many, we were down six at halftime. And we're right in this game, guys. We just gotta keep going, our shots are going to fall. We just really kept telling each other one more stop, one more stop. And if we could get that one stop then it will start going our way on the offensive end.

Q. Taylor, you seemed to be struggling a little bit from behind the arc, then you hit the big 3 to tie the game with less than 10 seconds to go. Was it something that Karl was telling you or your teammates were telling you to keep shooting the ball?
TAYLOR GRADINJAN: Absolutely. That's all I hear from Karl and my teammates is keep shooting, and if I don't shoot it when I'm open I get in trouble. But, I mean, they're going to fall. I did start out a little rough and I knew that, but I knew if I got to my finish they would fall at some point.

Q. Ladies, is the emotion more the pride in how well you guys played or the disappointment in getting that close at the end and having two very questionable calls not go your way and maybe not having a chance to keep playing?
HALEY LAUGHTER: I mean, obviously we were frustrated with how the game ended, but we can't really base the game off those last two calls. We just needed to make a couple more plays in the first half, say, when we weren't attacking as much.

I think we have been playing really well towards the end of the season and we finally hit our peak. I think that's just the most disappointing part is to have to see it end now.

Q. Haley, throughout the season you guys typically hit a lot more 3s, your percentage was a lot higher other than this game. Uncharacteristically, you hit a lot less, as a team, a lot less 3s, but even though you took the same amount that you take. What do you attest it to? Was it defense or nerves?
HALEY LAUGHTER: We were getting open shots. That wasn't the problem. I just think the first half, especially, it was just more nerves. We just needed to calm down and relax and get to our finish. I think ultimately that was it. Because we were getting open and getting the shots, just calm down.

Q. Whenever you guys average 9.7 3s made per game and then go 2-for-19 in a half, how frustrating is it considering that's a big part of your offense?
TAYLOR GRADINJAN: That's frustrating but as a shooter you have to have the shooter mentality. You're a shooter, it's going to fall. Just keep shooting.

Q. What did Coach have to say to you afterward about the level of play, obviously, but just dealing with the disappointment?
HALEY LAUGHTER: He said he was proud of us and that we did really well and that it's a disappointment that we couldn't move on when we're doing so well at this point in the season. But I mean he was just encouraging about all of it. He basically said what he started off with in here except maybe a little more personal.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Questions for Coach.

Q. Have you gotten a chance to review either of the last two plays before you came in?
COACH SMESKO: No, just what I saw on the floor.

Q. I know you were arguing pretty vehemently for the charge call. What did you see on the last play down at your end?
COACH SMESKO: Well, I mean, I don't know if I'm the best person to ask, because obviously I have my perspective, and it's not necessarily objective. So we'll have to -- usually I watch the game on the way home. But I may wait a couple of days. That's if -- my assistants will want to see it right away and make a judgment.

But we were in a position to win the game. It was a tight game. I don't think you can ever blame a call for one call or two calls, because there's a thousand plays within a game. So it was a well-officiated game with the little bit of a controversial ending.

Q. Karl, seeing you emotional occasionally after seasons end in tough ways. Is that the same sentiment here? Is that all of it? Or is it partly the way that it ended make it even harder to accept?
COACH SMESKO: The way it ended makes it tougher, for sure. But you never want any season to end. And for me I was okay, maybe a little irritated, when I went into the locker room. But then when you see all the kids that worked so hard for so long and they're all crying, you don't have a heart if it doesn't get to you.

Q. You said in the first half that it took you a little longer to adjust to the 1-3-1 than it possibly should have. What were you doing in the second half that made the offense click a little better?
COACH SMESKO: We were having a kid behind the zone be more active, cutting into gaps. And then where we placed our shooters based on how they were playing, you know, they kind of sagged off our non-shooters to take away our shooters in the 1-3-1, so we had to move where they were.

And it took like four or five minutes of that 1-3-1 and you saw we had a number of turnovers right in a row until we made the adjustment. So that was something that I wish we would have -- that's something that we have in our arsenal and we should have went to it a little bit quicker.

Q. To play for you guys always has to require a level of resolve to go up against bigger teams all the time. As much as they were struggling with the shots and as physical as Miami is, where would you equate the degree of resolve the girls showed today with what you've seen with your program?
COACH SMESKO: This team has fought as hard as any I've had today. To be behind against a top-20 team on the road and you could see a little bit of frustration on our kids' faces when shots weren't falling. To come back from that and realize that they were capable of coming back and capable of winning the game and essentially taking it to the end against a great team. So I got no calms with our competitiveness or how we responded to adversity. I'm very proud of our players.

Q. Going against taller players, two drives in a row there in the fourth, China went right at their 6'3" player. Could you talk about her mentality, how she just showed no fear going against somebody that much bigger than her?
COACH SMESKO: We thought China had the best matchup at the end of the game. We kept going to it and creating space, having her drive the shooter's gap. And then we had some cuts just in case she was cut off, so she'd have somebody to pass it to.

But give her a lot of credit. Early in the game she maybe forced a couple of shots and then at the end of the game she got to the rim. She absorbed contact. We were hoping maybe to get some and-ones on those situations.

But to finish over a kid of that size and the way China used her body to create an angle to shoot, it was really impressive.

Q. You've seen them both, obviously. What do you think Trish can do against Miami on Monday night?
COACH SMESKO: Well, I'm not surprised Quinnipiac moved on at all. We've played them three straight years, and I know Marquette is really good. Won the Big East. But Quinnipiac is a really good team with really good players and they're not that quite as big a mismatch inside as we were today.

They're big kids, they're strong and physical and they can score. So I expect Quinnipiac to play really well. They'll still be underdogs playing here in this arena, and Miami's a great team. But it's good to see a mid-major do so well.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 19, 2017

Tricia Fabbri
Jen Fay
Carly Fabbri
Adily Martucci

Coral Gables, Florida

THE MODERATOR: We have the 12th seeded Quinnipiac Bobcats the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference champions and they defeated Marquette, 68-65. We have Coach Tricia Fabbri, Carly Fabbri, Adily Martucci and Jen Fay up here.

TRICIA FABBRI: Yesterday was certainly an exciting day for our team, our alumni, our fans and the university. It was a great day. Once we were able to relax and enjoy a little bit we certainly buckled down and got to work on our next opponent once we found out that it was going to be Miami. Our focus and attention has been on Miami since last night. Today we woke up ready, all ready to film and scout and prepare for the Hurricanes tomorrow night.

Q. Jen, you said you have done film and scout already, right? Obviously, they exploited inside yesterday and you guys had some success in the paint as well. How important do you see that battle being tomorrow?
JEN FAY: Yeah, I think they're a very different team than Marquette. They're more physical and obviously bigger. We've played against a lot of teams that been bigger than us throughout the season, so we're going to use our speed and try and run the floor and I think that will help us.

Q. Your stated goal at the start of the season you wanted to win an NCAA Tournament game make history that way. Now that you've done that do you have to guard against any let-down, not being as amped for tomorrow, or do you think that will not be an issue?
ADILY MARTUCCI: We're amped for this game tomorrow, there is no let-up. At the very least we wanted one win and tomorrow is another day to make more history. That's what it is.

Q. Carly, what's it like playing for your mom?
CARLY FABBRI: It's been a great experience. I think the opportunity for us to have made history together is really awesome. Not a lot of people can say they have, A, won game in the tournament; and, B, done it playing for their mom. So that's really cool. I think she has kept it very professional, coach and player on the court, off the court obviously it's a bit of a different relationship than everybody else has. An awesome experience and trying to keep it going tomorrow.

Q. Adily, Miami does make some threes, they didn't show it yesterday obviously but they can shoot threes. Their guards were kept in check all game. Do you sort of expect more of a bounce-back from them tomorrow? When you saw their tapes, what jumped out about their guard play?
ADILY MARTUCCI: I expect them to come out with everything. We're just ready to defend whatever they're going to throw out at us. We expect the best game from the guards probably that they'll every play.

Q. For Jen, you guys obviously pulled off an upset yesterday and Florida Gulf Coast gave Miami a scare. Do you see more parity in the women's game?
JEN FAY: I think it's awesome because night in and night out any team can beat anybody and that showed. So Florida Gulf Coast is a great team and it was a close game and it was a lot of fun.

Q. What was the feeling like when you woke up this morning? Did you have to pinch yourself and say, hey, we're going to play Monday night for a chance to play in the Sweet 16?
CARLY FABBRI: I think we all knew this was an attainable goal. Obviously, still waking up in Miami is an amazing, but I think we have the opportunity to get to the Sweet 16. But as much as it may seem "dream-like" it's a real on that we can attain. We are enjoying the experience but also having the mentality that this is a business trip for us.

Q. How do you balance focusing on yourselves rather than the opponent? Which takes precedence?
ADILY MARTUCCI: All season long we have been focusing on ourselves. All that matters is us being our best all the time. That's the reason I think we've been so successful is not really worry being our opponent. Knowing our scout but definitely focusing on being the best version of us every day.

Q. You probably got a sense this was coming. What's it like coaching Carly? What's that experience been like for you?
TRICIA FABBRI: It's been -- I've been so fortunate to have coached as long as I have and have had so many incredible young ladies come through the doors at Quinnipiac. Having your own daughter share in that experience has just added to really putting the cherry on top for me.

I sit up here with Jen Fay, Adily Martucci and Carly Fabbri and every lady that's down here with me and for 22 years that I have coached has been a part of this experience and has helped us achieve what we have achieved this weekend. Every single one of those young ladies, it's been a privilege to coach.

But to share this moment with your daughter is pretty awesome. But to share it with Adily and Jen and this team it's history. It's hard to put into words. It's certainly -- it's really, really nice.

Q. Late last night we find out that it's a 9:00 start. What is the challenge of that? Do you want them to get extra rest, thinking about it all day? How do you manage those where you've got to wait all day to play this game?
TRICIA FABBRI: Great question. First of all, it was actually really exciting because to me Monday night at 9:00 kinda seems like it's the big Monday! Certainly prime time and where we want to be. Two, the time and the start with it being a long day, look at the weather in Miami, not a bad spot to be.

The third component, the rest, is really, really important with the pace, physicality of the game yesterday and at the point where you are in the season the time, the recovery, and the ability to relax right now with the quick turn-around, even with the press conference, the film and the scout, I think that's all key. So I don't think we're going to mind the 9:00 start at all. I think that time is going to help us.

Q. Ally tweeted congratulations to you guys after the game yesterday. I'm sure there were others from the MAAC as well. What's that mean that you spent four months trying to smash each other's heads in yesterday but what was the response from the MAAC?
TRICIA FABBRI: Honestly, I have barely touched my phone and looking with everybody reaching out, but from the administration, the administrators of the MAAC and my colleagues in the MAAC, the support that we received was overwhelming from everybody on the thread and really that is what I have found to be truly unique in my experience at coaching in the MAAC is the comradery among the coaches and that is what I truly value coaching in the MAAC was the tweet and from everybody reaching out.

From the mid-major perspective how they were all like, go in and represent us well, feeling that burden and what we talk about, you know, that upset, that 5-12, the respect, the mid-major shouldering that and winning. The pride that they all had. I was so pleased and was just so proud to represent and see how excited they were for us. Getting that win and championing that cause for all of them. It was awesome.

Q. UConn won by 60 and Baylor won by 20. There were good games here. Are you seeing that gap toward the top getting closed?
TRICIA FABBRI: We saw that last year in the women's Final Four. I believe there are continued, elite programs, and they remain elite. You're starting to see, again, I mentioned from the women's Final Four last year, you're start to go see now maybe programs from five to ten, 11, 12, you're seeing Texas, more programs starting to bubble up, and starting to take that mantle.

You're start to go see more upsets and you're certainly starting to see that now with the 5-12. Unfortunately, we were looking at another 5-12 game late last night that almost happened in another close one. It's happening. It's starting -- the pendulum is starting to slowly happen and the more we can see the results in this tournament as it's slowly starting to shift, the better it's going to be.

Q. Trisha, you shared a special moment with your President, John Lahey. Can you share what he told you after the game and what he shared with your team in the locker room?
TRICIA FABBRI: President Lahey and his wife Judy were here yesterday at the game and he will be here tomorrow night. Just joy! I don't think -- he always hoped just like us making this a reality. He's been the biggest advocate for our university being at its best. What his vision was for this university, the building of York Hill and the arena, Quinnipiac being on the national stage.

It came to fruition seeing his women's basketball team win a game in the NCAA Tournament. It was his plan. We talked about it, our goals and aspirations about winning games in the tournament. He has talked about this plan going forward and he felt like we did, sharing in the joy of attaining that goal and he was so pleased, so happy; and sharing in that moment with the President in our locker room. He was emotional and he was just joyful in sharing that moment with this team and he couldn't have been any happier. It was awesome.

Q. What do you see from Miami, what challenges they present and obviously they will be the home team with the partisan crowd tomorrow night?
TRISHA FABBRI: Look, they're a great team, extremely well-coached. They want to play fast. They have two great lead guards. They've got size. They have depth. They changed their defenses. We're going to have our hands full on a home court that has great crowd, but this is why you play this game this time of year. We're 1 of a field of 32. I firmly believe that our experience going out to Vegas, seeing three games in three days, playing a New Mexico State team that gave Stanford all they could handle. Us playing and beating Long Beach State that we know went wire-to-wire against Oregon State, and seeing Oregon State, all those different style of games in three days has completely compared us for the weekend that we're having. I fully expect that we are going to be prepared. We are going to be ready for the moment again with Miami. It's not going to make it easier. They're talented. They play so hard. They play really well. We certainly have our work cut out for us. We're going to be ready to play, have a plan, go out and execute and certainly leave it all out on the floor for 40-plus minutes because we know it's this game, tomorrow night, that's standing between us and a Sweet 16.

THE MODERATOR: That will conclude the press conference.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 19, 2017

Katie Meier
Keyona Hayes
Emese Hof
Laura Cornelius

Coral Gables, Florida

COACH MEIER: Well, we've been busy. We've been busy sense you last saw me. And the kids, I think they're well rested, but the coaching staff has been grinding it out. It's a heck of a challenge. We had not looked ahead to either opponent. So from the minute that buzzer sounded, we moved on; and Quinnipiac is very good. Of course, they're extremely well coached. They have great mental discipline. They have great balance in terms of the who, where, when and why is very well done. It's very, very well done.

The players just got their first look at them, but you gotta really see a full game to understand how unselfish they are and how impressive they are in sharing the basketball and just taking whatever matchup or whatever shot is the best shot for them. So it's a very, very tough matchup for us. But of course it is. I mean there's 32 teams left, and we're one of them, and nothing is going to be easy.

So we're excited. We are definitely realistic. We're not too high, we're not too low. We're not considering this some, oh, we're so happy that there was an upset and we play -- no. No, no, no. We watched that game and a very, very good team beat a very, very good team, and one of them we were going to play if we were fortunate enough to beat a very, very good team. And so there's extra excitement or energy or anything. We're still in business mode. And we gotta fix some mistakes from last night in a very short amount of time.

But we made some big-time plays. We had a lot of pressure on us and we made some big-time plays when it mattered. And you don't know who's going to do it. The other team does not know who on Miami is going to be -- you know, make those plays, and I think that makes us pretty special, too.

Q. Laura, when you looked at yesterday, just what did they take away from the perimeter game, because it seemed like -- obviously everyone knows 1 for 14 from three, but it just didn't seem like a lot of those looks were real clean either. What did they take away and how much are you expecting maybe a bounceback from the outside tomorrow?
LAURA CORNELIUS: I think Florida Gulf Coast did a great job on their scouting report. They know who were our shooters. They pressured us. So I think they did a great job, but you know, we know what we are. We know -- you know, our shooters keep shooting. So it's not that we are discouraged or whatever by yesterday's game, because I think we were 1 for 14 and we still won the game. So you know, that shows our balance; if we can't score from outside, we score from inside. So you know, and tomorrow we'll just keep shooting, because you know, shooters shoot.

Q. Key, yesterday you guys had a nice lead, Quinnipiac had a nice lead. Both of you guys had to weather those late pushes. How much do you think that was just composure coming into play for both of you guys that you were able to weather what you did in Gulf Coast and what they did in Marquette?
KEYONA HAYES: Can you ask the question again, please?

Q. Just how much do you think it was composure that helped you guys kind of hang on when Florida Gulf Coast made their run and the experience of having been there? Quinnipiac had the same thing. They had a nice lead against Marquette. It got away from them. They still managed to hang on. So how much do you think composure came into play for both of you guys yesterday?
KEYONA HAYES: I think a lot of composure was there. We were up and we let a big lead go, and I just think that, you know, we kind of relaxed, and maybe they relaxed as well, and then it's like, okay, let's -- we don't want to lose. No one wants to be out. So I think we all -- like them and us just were like, okay, take it a play at a time. We were up. So we know what to do to get back to do what we have to do to win the game.

Q. For any of the players, I don't know how much you've seen of Quinnipiac this year or if you've seen the film from yesterday or if you've watched film on them. If you have, what do you know about them and what kind of challenges they might present?
EMESE HOF: We watched the third quarter yesterday before our own game, and they were just a really energetic team. They were really unselfish, like everything that was going on. They had a really good game yesterday. We just got out of the film room and we saw some more breakdown. They're a good team, but we are too, so we'll be ready for them.

Q. Emese, when you came here, how much did you dream about moments like what's coming tomorrow night, a chance on your own floor to go to the Sweet 16? I guess how much of a lure, I guess, was that for you when you decided to come here?
EMESE HOF: Like for me, back home those are not terms you heard about. It's not even like real touchable. I've never been in the United States before I went on any of my visits here. So to be able to, yeah, live that American dream almost, it's great. And it's just fantastic to get an opportunity like that.

Q. You do know what those terms mean now?
EMESE HOF: I definitely do. (Laughs.)

Q. Katie, can you just sort of give us a tick tock as to what the last 18 hours have kind of been like, and was there any sleep involved for you last night?
COACH MEIER: Yeah. It took me a while to come down from that game. I think I really, really tried to keep it together, so when it's over -- my heart rate was fine during the game. It's amazing when you watch it again, then I know how everyone else felt that was texting me the thousand texts, because I was like, what's the big deal? It's the next play, and then you watch it and you're like, oh, my God. That was really something.

So it took me a while to come down from that. But the staff, we gathered at the hotel at about 8:30 and started our work. So we didn't stay here. We got away, because I knew it might take me a little bit, and got back to the hotel. I just thought all eyes on Quinnipiac, really focused. We met again this morning. You know, about four films I've watched between the game and now, and I'm comfortable with it. I think we're in good shape.

But it's not a time for sleep. I'm sleeping so that I don't snap on you all. (Laughs). The sleep is so that I remain human. But it's not the priority. As long as I keep my wits about myself and my staff, we're all on the same page, the priority is preparation right now.

Q. Kate, the 9:00 start, does that give you -- were you happy with it, just maybe them getting some extra rest or is it the whole think about it all day before you get on the court?
COACH MEIER: Right. We're going to do the same routine for a 7:00 game. We're just going to bounce it back a couple of hours. And you know, I don't know, whatever gets a crowd here. I really, really hope that our crowd can come.

I don't think if we're looking for that to knock us off track, then we're not the team I thought we were. We're going to be highly focused. We're very clear that we don't think we played our best basketball game yesterday, and we still haven't played that perfect game. But it's coming, and we have won in one thousand different ways, and we're going to have to find a way to win tomorrow.

Q. Laura, like Emese said, they were just terms to her, things like Sweet 16. How aware were you of what the NCAA tournament was and all that goes with it before you came over here?
LAURA CORNELIUS: Well, I've been prolonging it for a couple of years now. They actually show March Madness on TV back home, so that's awesome.

But you know, it's just really special to host, first of all. And I'm just really grateful that we have a chance to play another 40 minutes here in front of our own fans, and we're just trying to take it one game at a time. I mean Sweet 16 is close now, but you know, the only thing we have at the end of the day is 40 more minutes of basketball. So yeah. But we're ready.

Q. Key, Katie and talked about this the other day, just having the vision that this program has at this moment. You signed on when this wasn't -- you know, when this was what the goal was. Has it played out the way you've envisioned, and again, what would it mean just to have it be that moment tomorrow for you as one of the seniors on this team?
KEYONA HAYES: As in winning tomorrow? It'll be great. I mean we've never made it to the Sweet 16. Growing up for everybody, it's a dream to continue to go up and be in the Sweet 16, Elite 8, Final Four. That's what every basketball player dreams of. It'll be amazing for us to reach Sweet 16, and go further.

But like Laura said, it's one step at a time, one game at a time.

Q. Coach, can you just give us your breakdown of what you've seen from Quinnipiac on film or in person, what challenges they present?
COACH MEIER: I mean that's the thing. That's what we talked about in the locker room. There's no thing out there. There's no, whatever, Sweet 16 thing out there that we're going after. We've got a heck of an opponent. And they are -- they don't fear anyone. Tricia and I spent some time together in Portugal this summer watching her kid, my three, and I was impressed by her confidence. You know, they're very confident. They don't back down for anyone, and they have a chip on their shoulder. They feel like they're an underrated mid major. They are an underrated mid major. I mean they're major as far as I'm concerned. And so they don't have to worry about us disrespecting them because that's not going to happen. They're awfully good, and they've been good; and she's been a heck of a coach for a long time, and she knows what she's doing. So that's where we're at.

Q. What was in Portugal?
COACH MEIER: It was the European championship. Laura and Emese and Serena were there. And Tricia was there with Paula Strautmane. She's playing from Latvia.

Q. Katie, you look at them, and to kind of touch on Tricia again a little bit, too. Carly Fabbri, is she the prototypical coach on the floor?
COACH MEIER: Yes. It is a mini me out there. It really is. She's really smart, knows what to do with the ball. Completely just the moxie that Tricia has you see in her daughter, too. So they're fueled. They are fueled by a belief that is pretty special. And this isn't some fairytale for them. They completely expect to be here and they completely expected to beat Marquette. And I knew that. I knew that when I saw the brackets come out.

Q. 12:55, obviously. There were some other really good games, UConn and Baylor did what they did, but are you seeing that gap from 1 to 64 start to condense maybe a little bit more?
COACH MEIER: Yeah. And I think stylistically it's really something to -- and I think that that's -- you see it on the men's side a ton, and now you see it on the women's side, that you make certain choices in recruiting. I'm not -- the power conferences, that's not my term, but that's how I can just relate it to you, that they're going to recruit in a certain way and then other certain conferences recruit a totally different way, and then you gotta meet up in a really important thing.

We've spent two months not playing against a certain style, and then poof, your first couple of rounds here it comes. And you see it on the men's side, too. They have a hard time, the bigs get neutralized a little bit. And that's what I thought Gulf Coast tried to do to us. They tried to neutralize our bigs, saying we have this style that you haven't seen because we see a lot of these kind of bodies in the ACC, and then you come into this moment, and I just think it takes a real maturity to sort of reinvent your defensive schemes and then to figure out how to make sure that we got our way, that we got our bigs in the paint where we need them.

And Quinnipiac and Gulf Coast are just so established, they're just such established programs that they go out of conference and they play against our style a lot more than we play against their style. That's what they do in the nonconference. And we went and played Ohio State, and Kentucky and St. John's, we didn't play that style so much. So that was a real task and it's a task again for Monday and maybe that's something we keep in mind scheduling moving forward.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 20, 2017

Tricia Fabbri
Morgan Manz
Adily Martucci
Aryn McClure

Coral Gables, Florida

Quinnipiac - 85, Miami - 78

COACH FABBRI: Good opening quarter for the Bobcats into halftime with a solid lead. Miami made a great charge and almost an instant replay of the opening-round game against Marquette. Just a great game. Great game I'm sure to watch, one that we're thrilled obviously to win and move on to the Sweet 16.

Can't say enough great things about Coach Katie Meier and her Miami team. But I'm just so proud of our Bobcats and the way they battled and the way that they again responded in the most difficult of situations on their home court, not to lose the lead and make big plays again.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for the student-athletes.

Q. Morgan, seemed like every time they either went on a mini run or seemed poised to go on a run, you guys countered. And you were responsible personally for a lot of those 3-pointers. And were you just feeling it tonight, basically? Is it as simple as that?
MORGAN MANZ: Yeah, I mean, my teammates and coaches, they all have the utmost confidence in -- more confidence than I do in my shots. I just did what my coaches have been asking me to do for the last four years, and that was just shoot it. And I just let it fly because we had nothing to lose.

Q. In the last 48 hours-plus, we've seen this team take, build up double digits leads, time and time again the other team make a serious run. You never relinquished a lead in either game. For each of the players, what's that been like for you guys to withstand the onslaught of an attempted comeback that you thwarted on two occasions?
ARYN MCCLURE: Grit. Yeah, that's pretty much it. On both games, teams came back, cut the lead kind of short. But we stayed focused and we knew our end goal, and we just maintained our lead. And we end up being successful.

MORGAN MANZ: Just to bounce off Aryn, I think we, in times that they weren't going our way, we stayed together as a team and we really just fought it out.

ADILY MARTUCCI: It's nothing that we haven't seen all year. And that's why we are the team that we are, because of this whole season. And it has shaped us into the players that we are today, the toughness that we have is incredible.

I am so proud of my team. I'm so proud of my team because of how tough they are.

Q. Morgan, can you talk about your shot and the evolution of it? The stroke seems obviously to work beautifully, like a long stroke, maybe like a long follow-through. Could you talk about your evolution of your shot and as a career night? And how long it took you to get here, the work that you put in? Just talk about your shooting, please.
MORGAN MANZ: I've always been a shooter growing up. My coaches always, all the time, keep shooting, keep shooting, keep shooting. And honestly I feel like I haven't hit a 3 in a very long time, the last couple of games. Even today in shoot-around, I was missing, and Coach is, like, just keep shooting, just keep shooting.

And the one thing I focused on today was getting it higher than I usually do, because when I do miss, I have a very flat shot. So my goal was the more arc and obviously it helped.

Q. Morgan, I know the thinking all season was get to the tournament, win a game, see what happens. Now that it's over and you've won these two, how realistic, really, was this for you guys when you saw the bracket, knowing that you would have to beat two major conference teams to get out of -- to get to Stockton? How realistic did you really think it was?
MORGAN MANZ: I think we just came in here with a lot of confidence. I have confidence in all of our players and our coaching staff. They prepare us well for each game. And we didn't look at the team name on their shirts. It was we were going to play Quinnipiac basketball, and we were going to do what we can. And if we had to adjust, we had to adjust.

And, I think, I mean, I am at a loss of words that we're at a Sweet 16, but I couldn't be more proud of our team and what we've accomplished.

Q. Adily, Morgan hit a lot of 3s, but the one you hit with less than a minute left, the one-point game, you take us through that shot? And how did you -- did it feel good coming out of your hands?
ADILY MARTUCCI: I honestly didn't know it was going in. I was definitely hoping for the best. But once I saw it release my hand, I kind of knew it was. And obviously I got excited afterwards. But yeah, it was just amazing that it went in, and I was obviously very, very pumped about it.

Q. Last night you're outside of your hotel. It's close to one in the morning. And it's the second time in the last couple of weeks that it's happened. Did you ever think that it was maybe a good luck charm?
ADILY MARTUCCI: Some of our teammates are saying that. It was actually funny. We were just making a joke of it because it did happen during the MAAC Tournament. We had a fire alarm and we were all outside waiting to get back in. So we were like, hey, this happened before. Deja vu basically. So, yeah, we were joking about that. But it panned out the way it did.

Q. For all three of you, I know you're a confident team; you've won, what, 29 games now. But are you feeling more confident now given what you've accomplished here and going forward now to face South Carolina?
ADILY MARTUCCI: Absolutely. I think every game that we win we build more confidence. It's kind of hard not to.

MORGAN MANZ: Yeah, I have to agree with Addy. I think we have a lot of confidence right now, and we're just going to take the next game like the next game.

ARYN MCCLURE: Yeah, the goal at the beginning of the season was to make it to the Sweet 16. Now we made it, so why not keep going.

ADILY MARTUCCI: It's honestly addicting. It really is. Something about this tournament, you just want more and more and more. And we're going to try to get some more.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach.

Q. Obviously this game is beyond great for the program, for you and the players. Can you also look at it as being good for the sport itself, women's basketball, with the parity we talked about yesterday, and a 12 beating a 4 and all that kind of stuff?
COACH FABBRI: I think anytime you can get a new name moving forward in a bracket creates an excitement. And that's really, ultimately, what the March Madness is about, right, when you have those upsets and what everyone looks forward to. And the buzz that it has created and what it's become -- the excitement. And that's what everyone looks forward to. And we're happy to do our part in creating the March Madness and move it forward.

But definitely, again, I think we flew under the radar getting into the tournament. And I just saw the teams in our pod and really liked our opportunities down here. So this team was very confident coming into the tournament, coming down here to see our opponents and made the most of real opportunities down here this weekend.

Q. You're supposed to be a hockey school. And you kind of shot some holes in that one over the last three days. I know you're not going to be on campus for long, but what do you think the reaction is going to be when you get back up there?
COACH FABBRI: I think it is going to be over-the-moon thrilled. The outpouring of support that we have received while we've been down here has been like none other that I've ever witnessed.

And I know that when we get back to campus and what's going on back there, the buzz, the buzz up there has been incredible. So we're excited to get back and see everybody.

So they love their women's basketball. I mean, us going down to the tournament. They already expected us to win. You know, our fans expect us to win. So that was almost like no surprise to them. They were excited to see what happened tonight.

Q. As a follow-up, when Katie was in here, she said in the handshake line you were trying to keep it so together. And she had to say to you, please go enjoy this, please go celebrate. In that immediacy, what was that moment like for you?
COACH FABBRI: Be professional. Be professional. Be professional. Go down the line. Shake the hands, congratulate them on a good season. Obviously there's a disappointment. But do the right thing, and then get into the locker room with your team, and then that's where you have your moment with your team.

Q. In the beginning of the third quarter, your team picked up a couple of fouls real quick and you had Adily and Jen on the bench with four. How do you make sure your team doesn't get discouraged and stays disciplined?
COACH FABBRI: It's what we've done -- I think we sound redundant, as a broken record. Again, this team has epitomized a true team. I'm up here because I have head coach. But I have an incredible staff. It's a team.

I have to remind everybody, we didn't have a player named on the first-team All-MAAC because on any given night, I think the debate that hurts us is, you'll talk to coaches in the league, that it was a different player on a different night that had a big game.

And for those who are not as familiar with the program, you see that tonight. Jen was great at first, had the hot hand. Then Morgan had the hot hand. And then you had the mainstays that always chip in and do it. But we do it together on defense. And it's whoever is going to get the ball and put the ball in the basket.

The team is so unselfish -- we ultimately epitomize what a team is. They can't take away two or three people and beat us. And that's why we win a lot.

Q. Coach, you have a very good passing team. You had 24 assists today. What did you think early on, maybe it might have been first minute or two, Miami goes into a press, pretty much full court -- did you think that played into your hands? What were you thinking?
COACH FABBRI: Well, that's a tendency of theirs to do. I thought they came at it a little harder. I think they saw some things on film that they thought they might be able to do and have some success. But it does allow us to get out. And go once we took a deep breath against the press, it allowed us to get out in transition and really score and get us going offensively in transition for some good looks and open up a nice lead.

Q. Coach, you started the Gold Rush four or five years ago, and that kind of propelled you guys on to the mid-major scene. Have you ever thought about the irony, that you've gotten to your goal and you didn't use that these two games?
COACH FABBRI: No, because we've played players all year long that were in a position to make the play when we needed it the most. And Morgan is a perfect example of get the ball, look at the rim and take and make the shot. So I think it's developing players who are comfortable to be in a position to get the ball to make the play.

We got out on the 5 and 5, and still had its benefits even tonight, because it's everybody else who has the ball in their hand, like, we don't turn the ball over. It's not just two people who are touching the ball. It's everybody touching the ball.

You saw us multiple times adjusting what we were doing with the pressure -- bringing the ball up the floor and how versatile we are. And, again, it's just having kids that have experience that put them in positions that -- we've run things through these two people. We run things through everybody. But we know who we want to have the ball when it's going to be on the line.

But it's them being confident to go out when it counts the most in situations when people are in foul trouble, to go make plays. And that's what you saw in two games, when we were managing foul trouble.

And we were out there with four forwards and a guard. And I was, like, going, okay you be the 2, you be the 3. And I couldn't keep it straight, and everyone else is trying to keep it straight. That's why we're good because we have that versatility and we play a lot of players.

Q. How surprised were you when you turned the corner in the locker room and got that shower from your team?
COACH FABBRI: I saw it on the monitor. I was hot. I got cooled down, so I was happy to get it.

Q. Do you anticipate any trouble keeping your kids in the moment? I mean Sweet 16, it's a lofty, wonderful place, of course. But do you guys expect any problem keeping their minds on what's coming Saturday and not really much more than that?
COACH FABBRI: Ladies?

ADILY MARTUCCI: We're focused and ready to go.

COACH FABBRI: We are going to enjoy this. And then we will get focused and get down to work and stay in our routine with what we've done all year long and get prepared to see South Carolina.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: MIAMI

March 20, 2017

Keyona Hayes
Katie Meier
Jessica Thomas

Coral Gables, Florida

Quinnipiac - 85, Miami - 78

COACH MEIER: That was just a great performance by Quinnipiac. I mean, just phenomenal. The assisted field goals, I don't even know, what, 24-for-28, percentages, but that was the one thing I was concerned about, and the one thing we tried to disrupt. And, boy, did they find and hit. They found and hit. And it wasn't lack of effort.

On a couple of occasions perhaps lack of discipline, overexcited. But it still takes incredible composure to hit it. I mean, we were scrambling them up and they just stayed a very calm mind.

Maybe if I watch the film I'm going to be really, really, really upset. I'm very sad. Because I love my team so much I'm sad, because the community showed up for us and the university stepped up for us, and I feel bad.

I really wanted us to say thank you. And I'm just going to say thank you and I don't think that we did a whole heck of a lot horribly. They just were really special tonight. And I'm not surprised by it. But if we hadn't played as hard as we did and have special performances, too, it could have been embarrassing.

They were very, very special tonight. And at the handshake line I told Tricia, she was being so classy and I said, go celebrate, my God, go celebrate with your team. I appreciate the handshake but what a moment for you and what a moment for them. And they're going to have a lot of people on their bandwagon if they continue to play like that because that was really special.

And then I'm going to try to talk about my seniors but I'm not going to get through it because they're just awesome. So maybe I'll text y'all how I really feel about them. But great careers. And special , special people.

They carried the banner, and they did everything I needed from them. So I love them and we're going to be in each other's lives forever. And this isn't the end of our journey together, but it's the last time I got the honor and pleasure to coach them. And that hurts a lot, too.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for the student-athletes.

Q. Jessica, it seemed like every time you guys, like when Mot hit those two free throws and it's a one-point game and they go hit a 3, there's so many times in the game you guys closed in, and they just seemed to hit those shots. What was that like emotionally for you guys? I mean, for the fans, it was a roller coaster. What was it like for you guys?
JESSICA THOMAS: I think we were missing a lot of poise, like Coach mentioned. So just for shooters to be open -- the coaches do a heck of a job on the scouting report, and we know who the shooters are. We know who we have to identify in transition, and who to look for, and who make sure doesn't get an open look or open catch.

For the shooters to be wide open with a late contested defender flying out at them, I just think we were missing a lot of poise. But emotionally the game moved so fast, they get a quick hit and we gotta make a quick run. So they started off really well. They started off really hot, and we knew it could either go two ways -- they'll cool down or they'll keep hitting. And they just kept hitting. And like I said, we continued to let them keep getting open.

Q. Jessica, with this team they have balanced scoring, nobody scores more than 10.6 points. Did that make it tougher to defend them knowing they didn't have one go-to score?
JESSICA THOMAS: I think that was a positive for us because we know how our team defense can just bother a lot of people. So we knew nobody could take a second off on any defensive possession. So, no, it didn't bother us.

It didn't make it harder, but they're a really solid team from top to bottom of the roster. So everybody plays their role really well, and they had another great run tonight.

Q. Jessica, how much energy got expended? It never got away, but you guys were playing uphill it seemed like the whole time. Did that just wear you guys down a bit too much, do you think?
JESSICA THOMAS: I mean, it's a horrible position to be in. I think we were down 13 at one point. And then we had to crawl our way back and fight our way back. And then from there on, like, you still got a whole other half. We brought it into two and then we still had a whole other quarter.

But, I mean, there's been times where we've been up and there's been times when we've been down, and tonight was another time we were down. And we were looking forward to coming back making a big-time win. But it just didn't happen like that.

Q. Key, I know Jessica just talked a little bit about it, but what was it like every time you guys pulled within one, every time you made a run, they answered, usually with a 3. How frustrating was that from your perspective?
KEYONA HAYES: It was a little frustrating. We were a little frustrated, but I mean we kept pushing. We kept trying. We know what we're capable of and what they're capable of. And we thought that we could do better.

Q. Could both of you, as seniors, just talk about what went through your minds at the very end there? I saw Jessica you were down on the ground, I'm not sure where you were. But what were you feeling thinking about in those final moments after the buzzer?
JESSICA THOMAS: I just honestly didn't think this would be the last time I get to play for Katie Meier.

KEYONA HAYES: Me too.

JESSICA THOMAS: Disappointed just because I know how much we wanted it. Just wanted, as seniors, we wanted to take this program somewhere it's never been. So when that buzzer went off, and you try to fight to the end, but when that buzzer went off, I really didn't see this conversation I'm having with you all right now happening.

KEYONA HAYES: Like she said, I wasn't prepared for this either. I thought we were -- we didn't overlook them but we thought we were going to go further than what we did. And I wasn't expecting to have this conversation with you guys either. And it's frustrating. It's hard, and it's like today is the last time we'll ever wear a Miami jersey.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Meier.

Q. The spurt at the end of the half when you got it from 13 to seven, how vital did you think that was and what sort of boost --
COACH MEIER: I thought Jessica was real special there in that stretch. And there were some really, really special plays by some really, really special players throughout the course of that game. When it came down to it, I think they answered that huge 3 by Martucci, I think it was. That was a heck of an answer.

But even when she made it, it wasn't like, so. We still thought, okay, four-point game. We had gone through all the scenarios. I don't think we were ever deflated until that last foul and whatever, with the intentional. That was the only time, I think, we just thought, well, we might be out of time here. But it wasn't like we were playing a soft zone. I mean, they were really sharp, really, really sharp.

We did make some personnel mistakes, but not 100. I mean, you make one and they find it and it's three points. And the quality of their passing, they're right in the shooting pocket. So you can't be a second late. It's not like they go and get the ball and bring it into their shooting pocket. They're on time, on target with their passing game, and they were tonight. They were what I saw on film. And they had tremendous poise.

I'll tell you, they are -- that team tonight was very, very good and would have beaten a lot of people. And we played well and got beat.

Q. Katie, can you talk about the pressure defense? You had, the press, and maybe something that you -- I know you don't look ahead, but you had studied them in the time between games. You got some turnovers but also maybe led to some open shots. Can you talk about your thought process behind that?
COACH MEIER: Well, I think as Tim referenced, we were playing uphill. And so we had a couple of different presses there. It wasn't the same one. We were trying to do some schemes. And, you know, there were a couple of times we got real excited because it worked and then we were down one and then we overran something that -- we know better.

But you know, they also were very balanced. And the pressure, then when we sat back in our man and just let them isolate us, they were scoring on that, too. So it was a certain point I was just thinking, let's just make sure we answer because it could have gotten away from a lot of teams if they didn't -- Jessica had a career high tonight.

This game could have gotten away from a lot of teams to combat 14 3s. Like I said, we weren't sitting in the 2-3 zone saying, we dare you. We were challenging their shots, too, and they were making them.

To overcome that and still have a chance to win it or be within one on a performance like that, I think, I'm disappointed but I gotta tell you, that that's one of the -- that is really a lot of points to try to combat.

Q. What's it say about the depth of women's basketball that -- sometimes people say there isn't the depth, but this is a 12 seed that knocked off Marquette and you guys? What does it say about the growth of the game and some of the teams that people don't know much about?
COACH MEIER: I think you're seeing it, like I said on Saturday, you're seeing it on the women's side now, too, that you're starting to see on the men's side -- you get a group that's real connected. They're veteran. They're well coached. And they have a style that they are committed to and they don't waver from it.

And you're starting to see that pop up on the women's side too. So I guess it says that, stylistically, you can win a lot of different ways in women's basketball. And that's good, that's good for the sport, because I thought they were two amazing styles. That had to be a wonderful game to watch on TV. I mean, it was not boring. It was really a big-time basketball game.

I just want to say, again, thank you for the administration and the community and all the support we got, because I'll never forget that. It really meant a lot. Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports  FastScripts Archive  Recent Interviews  Captioning  Upcoming Events  Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297


home	jobs	contact us
	
products
recent interviews
FastScripts archive
about ASAP Sports
Our Clients:	
                
Custom Search

	
Browse by Sport

	 Auto Racing       

	 Baseball

	 Basketball

	 Boxing

	 CoSIDA

	 Cricket

	 Equestrian    

	 Extreme

	 Football

	 Golf

	 Hockey

	 Lacrosse

	 Soccer

	 Swimming

	 Tennis

	 Track & Field

	 Volleyball

	 Wrestling

Find us on	ASAP sports on Facebook	ASAP sports on Twitter

ASAP Sports RSS	Subscribe to RSS

Click to go to
Asaptext.com	ASAPtext.com

ASAP Sports e-Brochure	View our
e-Brochure

	
NCAA WOMEN'S 1ST AND 2ND ROUNDS: WACO

March 17, 2017

Nikki Fargas
Chloe Jackson
Alexis Hyder
Raigyne Moncrief

Waco, Texas

Q. After sitting out last year, what's it like being here at Baylor and being involved in this tournament again?
RAIGYNE MONCRIEF: It's an amazing experience. We fell short last year, so just to be here, just a blessing and a great opportunity to showcase your skills and just a bigger stage.

CHLOE JACKSON: It's a blessing. Like she said, it's a bigger stage, so just come out and play hard.

ALEXIS HYDER: It's an amazing feeling to be rewarded for all the work that we've put in. Falling short last year hurt us, and we were determined to make it this year.



