COACH THOMPSON: I thought that my kids were tough today. We played a 40-minute game. Of course, there were some things that we felt didn't go our way. But, I mean, we're not the personality that we're going to make excuses about how the game goes, whether we win or lose.

But I thought that we played tough, that we did not back down at any point and we continued to take the fight to Syracuse. Early on they shot the ball extremely well. Their 3-point shots definitely put some distance between us and them. But we recovered. And we continued to try to get to the things we do well.

THE MODERATOR: Questions?

Q. Coach, they employed that full-court press from the opening tip. Did they employ it the same way during the regular season? And how did you see that affect you guys especially early in the game?
COACH THOMPSON: Well, no, I mean it's pretty much a very similar game plan from the first game of the regular season. I think they did a lot more substituting this game, which was pretty smart to kind of keep sending fresh bodies at us considering the numbers that we have.

But they didn't do much different. They shot the ball a little bit better this game than they did up in Syracuse. But very similar game plan.

Q. Coach or Dominique, Dominique, you got into foul trouble pretty early in the second half. How did that change the pace of the game for you dies?
DOMINIQUE TOUSSAINT: Personally, it was kind of difficult to get into a rhythm when you have foul trouble like that. You play a little hesitant, especially on defense, because you never know what the ref is going to call. But I knew when I was on the bench I had to be ready for my team because I was going to go back in.

COACH THOMPSON: I just think it's pretty just tough to adjust when you feel like the same things are happening on both ends and you're getting calls and we're not. So it's not that we have to adjust to a complete, I guess, game in the sense that you are -- there's a lot of foul calls or there are little and it's very physical. So I personally didn't know how to tell her to guard in general just because it was just tough.

Q. Coach and Dom, when Dom got her fifth foul you met her at the bench, you draped your arm over her shoulder. She's meant so much this year. What did you tell her at that moment?
COACH THOMPSON: I told her I was proud of her and she had a great season and she played tough. Our team, when we talked about it quite a bit, just kind of the obstacles that we face and the hurdles we've had to jump over. But my girls show up every single day, competing and giving their absolute best.

So it was just a "don't hang your head," because you have nothing to be ashamed about; that you brought it today as you do every single day and that's something to -- it's honorable. It's something to be proud of.

Q. With Jocelyn Willoughby back into so many games the second half of this season, the moment you got that fifth foul, what was that moment like for you?
DOMINIQUE TOUSSAINT: Well, I thought at that point I thought she was going to score, so that's why I fouled her. But it was kind of just like a sad moment because I had to come off the court one more time for the last time this year. So it was just a sad moment.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.
Q. Coach, how big of a difference maker do you think the turnover margin was today? UNC only turned it over five times. I think your team was forcing it 18 times a game in ACC play.
COACH SIMONS: They did a great job. They kept the ball in Kea's hands. We tried to keep it out of her hands as best we could. We tried pressing them before, and that's how we that's how we generate offense sometimes and generate energy. But we knew that when we played them the first time that they pretty much shredded our press and got open looks from 3.

So we had to limit our pressing a little bit. We tried to do more trapping in the quarter court. But, yeah, the turnover difference was, I think, they had -- what did they have off turnovers? They had 15 points off turnovers to our six. Usually we're at least in double digits.

Q. Coach, can you talk just a little bit about this last few weeks has probably been tough in terms of keeping your team's focus and playing. They played very well today. But can you just talk about what that's been like, you know, going through that with them?
COACH SIMONS: We just talked about that again. These kids were really resilient. Okay? They binded together and as you saw today, I mean, they really competed.

Some kids had to play that hadn't ordinarily played and increased their minutes and so on, and I thought these kids stay focused. They really did. Our practices have been good. I think Chanin can attest to that.

This is a great group of kids. This is really a great group of kids, and they did an awesome job of staying the course, blinders on, let's go forward, let's slide in the back door of the NCAA Tournament somehow.

And we lost some tough games. We really did. We lost some tough games. But these kids remained together. They remained together.

Q. How has it been for you sliding back over into the head-coaching seat?
COACH SIMONS: Bob and I have known each other for a very long time. And I want to say this as an aside because I know -- I think my kids actually tried to or may have contacted the newspaper after all that what went down many years ago because of your support.

And it wasn't an easy transition. A year ago I was fishing, and I mean really fishing, not fishing for a job. And this opportunity came up -- I was doing some consulting -- and this came up. And I decided, what the heck?

I have to be honest with you, it took me a minute. It took me a minute to move over to the chair because I was used to being the other one, you know? But I will tell you that from that very first time that we had our first practice, that Wednesday morning, these kids had my back. And I told them that I really appreciated that.

I have one more thing, please. This is kind of leading into what you said, Bob, and that is I'm up here today because Machelle Joseph asked me to remain and coach the team. That was her decision.

This is her team. She was the leader of this team; not me. I just drove the bus. And I had to move, like you said, move up a couple seats. She put this team together. She recruited this team. Those two kids that were on the all-freshmen team, one being freshman of the year, those were her kids. Those two kids on the All-Academic, All-ACC team, those are her kids.

She's my friend. She's my boss and the reason I came to Tech. That's all I have to say. Thank you.
Q. You mentioned rebounding. You're not a huge team. Don't have any 6'5" or 6'6" players. But you controlled the board. How did that happen?
COACH SEMRAU: That's what we talk about every day. You don't have to be tall to be a warrior. And we talked about toughness ever since the Clemson game. And these kids have continued to grow every single game.

Q. Let me ask you about the job you did on Miela Goodchild, who has been shooting lights out from 3. She didn't get any looks at all today.
COACH SEMRAU: I think our length on the perimeter was really -- and the speed that we had -- Morgan Jones is so long as a freshman. Nausia Woolfolk has such great athleticism. She had to play on Gorecki a lot. And that put Nicki Ekhomu on Goodchild, and I thought she did a fantastic job.

I really have to give credit to my assistant, Joy McCorvey, did a great job on the scout. We were really well-prepared.

Kiah had a double-double. Anybody want to talk to her about that? Thank you very much.
Q. Going 12-of-20 from 3 last night, you only attempted two in the first quarter, only finished 2-of-12 overall. Could you explain that difference between yesterday and today shooting the basketball from deep?
COACH MCCALLIE: It's a totally different game. They played a different defense. It was a totally different game. It wasn't a game for 3s; it was a game for driving and getting to the free-throw line and attacking.

You have to be able to play any type of game. It would be nice to get some transition 3s and make a few. But if that's what we're going to hang our hat on, that's going to give you ups and downs.

We needed to rebound. You see the rebounding stats. They're very clear. We have nobody on the whole team -- six are the most anyone has on the team. So it's a very poor rebounding night. It was a blue-collar game.

Offense sells tickets. That's what happened last night. Defense and rebounding win championships, and that was evident in this game tonight.

Q. I know the press is kind of the calling card of yours. But how did you do in that aspect? And how did it affect the game given UVA's short bench?
COACH HILLSMAN: We wanted to speed the game up. A lot of times when you're pressing teams everything is predicated on your turnovers. And for us it's not predicated on that. We just want to get pace and get tempo.

I thought that our press really sped them up and allowed them -- sorry, it made them not run solid offense. They couldn't really get down the court and get into a set. That's what we really wanted to do, not guard the sets for the entire game.

Q. Coach, it feels like the 3, obviously it's still a big part of what you guys do, but feels like it's a bit more well rounded now, it complements the inside game. Has that been an effort in the last couple of months?
COACH HILLSMAN: We were talking about attacking the basket and attacking the paint off the bounce and post feeds. And our offense did a really good job of really recognizing when they're open and when they're having good shots.

And Miranda was -- really, really shot the bell really well and Gabby shot the ball well today and that was key. You have two of your best shooters making, I believe it was six out of their eight 3s, that's what you want.

Q. Tiana, what does it feel like today when you have an off game early, takes a little bit to get going but your teammates pick you up? How does that make you feel especially moving into tomorrow?
TIANA MANGAKAHIA: Yeah, obviously I didn't have a great game. I had a couple of turnovers and stuff. But it's always good when everyone's contributing to the game and everyone's giving what they bring to the table. And I think that really helps us no matter who we play. And no matter how I'm playing or what I'm doing, like, if everyone comes to the game prepared and ready, like, we can win.

Q. Miranda, you had three pretty big offensive boards in the third quarter and one in the fourth quarter. How does that boost team morale after you get those second-chance opportunities?
MIRANDA DRUMMOND: It's a good feeling, I guess, getting a rebound. That was one of my main focuses for this game is to box out and get as many rebounds as I can. I feel like they were big-time rebounds, like you said, and I felt that kept our team going. We stayed positive and I thought that helped with our energy.

COACH HILLSMAN: I want to chime in on that because it's important we understand that it saves possessions. Those rebounds and those games and games like this, that means we're playing offense for a minute and that was critical down the stretch. Those rebounds, they were huge rebounds. They really sealed the game. Did a good job.

MIRANDA DRUMMOND: Thank you.

Q. Kiara, you really thrived over the past couple of months. If Tiana had an off game, feels like you come in and provide that spark off the bench. How do you think you fit in with this team and how do you find your groove, because you've been very productive?
KIARA LEWIS: I know a lot of teams focus more on Tiana, so I think that's my opportunity to come off the bench and step up. And actually, not starting, you get to see how the game's going.

So I think that's helped me in the last few months. And I know a lot of teams are going to focus on Tiana so that's my chance to step up and help the team.

Q. Miranda, looking at the Miami game, you missed that game, the game they came into the dome and built you guys by double digits. Is it exciting to get back out there get a second chance and have Miranda back in the lineup, anybody?
TIANA MANGAKAHIA: I think for sure. She's a big aspect of our offense, shooting 3s, that's what we love to do. And I think her coming into this game will really help us a lot. It was a good game against them at home and not having her, we struggled with the 3-point percentage in that game, yeah, so I think it will be good for us.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.


Q. Up until the fourth quarter you guys only took two free throws. Do you feel that was just like a product of their size, or was it an effort to stay outside and attack the mid-range shot?
COACH MCCALLIE: We shot 11 total; they shot eight. There wasn't a lot of free throws being shot. You had to make the ones you had. The officials, I think they let it play it a little bit. But I think they did on both sides. They shot eight. We shot 11. So we did a bed of work there but we've got to convert those.

That's a standard of a kind of game like that. A lot of blue-collar, letting some physicality go. Not in a real bad way, but letting some go. You've got to be able to hunker down and concentrate.

One of the most disappointing thing is the three 3s that No. 15 got rather easily when we scouted her and she was in the exact spot that we knew. Again, this was not a game that was going to be 80 to 90. It was not that kind of game. It had to be -- it was an ugly game. And you have to find a way to get those things done -- making free throws and rebounding are two that I can think of.

We had 58 shots at the bucket. They had 51. Plenty of opportunity there that we've got to learn from. It's very important lesson for us to learn. Very important.

Q. Coach, you didn't get much offensive help for Leaonna and Haley, especially the two freshmen had the deer-in-the-headlight look. What do they have to do so this doesn't happen again next year?
COACH MCCALLIE: They have to take the experience -- obviously it's lessons learned, things to be worked on, playing off ball, cuts to get open, playing off the bounce.

It's not always a game of catch-and-shoot. It's a different game. You've got to be able to play off the bounce. That's one of the things I appreciate so much about Haley's game. She'll catch and shoot, but she'll play off the bounce. And that's one of the reasons why Haley had 17 points.

That's one of the reasons why she was a leader and attacking in that game. She certainly drew excellent defense. But those are skill sets that need to be developed and given over time of experience.

So Onome learning, Miela learning as well, Jade as well. Jade had some opportunities that she'll be better for in the future in terms of finishing on the block. So there's no question there were different areas to look for for offense.

This was going to be -- this game was going to be basically a 60-or-below game. It wasn't going to be great offense. That's not the way tournaments work. You're playing back to back. You're playing in a row. You're playing in a situation where people know each other pretty well.

So once you get deeper into this kind of tournament it's harder -- it gets a little bit more difficult. It gets a little more defensive-oriented. And, again, some of the other things we talk about need to happen.

Q. One thing you guys did well was forced 15 Florida State turnovers. Do you believe your aggressive defense helped you guys stay in the game, or how were you successful in that department?
COACH MCCALLIE: I think a little bit of ball pressure. I think it was nice. We had eight turnovers. That's a real positive. That's seven more times we took care of that ball. That's what put us in the position to get that game was the turnover margin.

That's a positive. That's something that we'll look at. Imagine having eight in most games. Imagine what we could have looked like with eight turnovers in most games or 10. So that's an outstanding stat and that's something we need to consider, especially since the ball pressure was pretty significant. Pretty good ball pressure out there. Pretty good pressure. Pretty good defense.

Q. First ACC experience. What have you learned in this last couple of days that will help you lead your team next year as you move forward to the next level?
HALEY GORECKI: I think just having -- you're in a tournament, so this is kind of having the mindset, this could be your last game. So taking that over and just bringing it quarter by quarter, just getting stop by stop, just knowing that it could be your last game.

Q. Haley, kind of a variation of the same question just asked, but half an hour ago you were expecting to be playing tomorrow. So you've got to make that quick transition. It's the offseason now, but you're one of the leaders, most experienced players. What do you do starting tomorrow, starting next week, starting next month, starting the offseason to make sure Duke's not sitting here with 15 losses again next year?
HALEY GORECKI: Just bringing my experience and leadership to next year. I think as the season went on everyone grew as a player and just bringing that to next year. And the offseason as well, just getting prepared, what Coach P was saying, developing and getting better day-by-day.

Q. Coach, do you think that the rebounding differential, do you contribute that to playing back-to-back, or do you think it was just mostly Florida State outworking your team?
COACH MCCALLIE: It was pretty much, I think, probably a combination. But rebounding has been an issue. And putting bodies -- the contact was so important.

15 for them, Gillespie, and 12 rebounds, she had her way a little bit. And No. 13, that's a guard rebounder getting three offensive rebounds in there.

It's a really important part to finishing our defense. There were times we could have great stops. It's all five on the defensive end. Everyone's got to stay in and make contact. We've had that lesson before, unfortunately. And it's important to take this on.

There's a time to sit back and think about tremendous growth our team has had through the season and all the things that we're proud of about getting better. And there's a lot of things. And there's a lot of things this team put into place and was dealt a very difficult situation, and that's all true and that's all been documented.

But right now, for us, the most important thing is to take this head on. Okay. To look at this and understand how this game, despite the fact that it was poor shooting for us certainly, despite all the problems, we were in a seven-point ball game and a six-point ball game in the fourth quarter. That's what the message is. You just find a way. It was not about perfection. It was not about any of those things.

We were in a position to take that game and be competitive and move forward for most of that game. And we've got a spot that, even if as a player I'm not as hot or doing all the things I can do.

So it's just really good -- it's hard because we've been playing very good basketball and very well. And unfortunately everyone ends in a loss and it's not a good feeling at all. But you spend 24 hours kind of, as you talked about it, you've got to think about it a little bit. First thing we've got to do is think about it and then move on and take the lessons from it.

Q. Haley, maybe not the season you expected. But a really solid end to the year. How do you and the team plan to take these last four or five games head on and take it into next season with the roster that's mostly coming back?
HALEY GORECKI: I mean, obviously, unfortunately, like you said, Faith and Sofia aren't going to be here. But having the team that we have, but like you said, the last five games, the experience and the hard work that we've been putting into, it's great to see. So carrying that over to next season, I'm real excited.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: We're joined by North Carolina and to my left is head coach Sylvia Hatchell, Paris Kea, Leah Church and Shayla Bennett. Coach, a brief opening statement and we'll go to questions.

COACH HATCHELL: Thank you for being here. I love the ACC Tournament. And first I want to say to all the Greensboro folks, thanks for doing a great job. Without a doubt we have the best tournament in the country, and they just do a super fantastic job. So I want to say special thank you to the ACC, to the Greensboro Sports Council, the coliseum people and all those folks.

We knew Georgia Tech was going to be really tough. They always are. We always have very physical games with them. And we beat them by one point a few weeks ago at our place.

And we were a little shorthanded today with Janelle out and Stephanie. It's a day-to-day thing with Stephanie. She had hyperextended her knee in the Virginia game. So, it's a day-to-day thing with her.

And then Bailey will play tomorrow. But these guys stepped up. Of course, Leah making six out of eight 3s. The kid can shoot the 3s. If she's got time to get set it's usually going in.

And then I challenged Shayla to be a little more aggressive to the basket and she was. She did a really super fantastic job there.

And then Paris, the first half, she didn't score like normal. But at halftime the TV people interviewed me and wanted to know what I was going to do to get her going. I said we were going to post her up. She looked at me like I was crazy. But we did; we posted her up a lot in the second half. But Paris did a great job with that.

The outstanding thing is she had nine assists and no turnovers against a team that presses and does a lot of things that causes problems out there. But to have nine assists and no turnovers and two steals, that's pretty outstanding.

So everybody else just looks at all the scoring that she does. So I've said enough. I'll stop so you can talk to those kids. But I'm just really proud of them. And we're looking forward to playing a great Notre Dame team tomorrow.

THE MODERATOR: Questions.

Q. Coach, you talked about the players stepping up. How big was Jocelyn off the bench? She's usually like an energy-type player, but she scored a career 14 points today?
COACH HATCHELL: I challenged them all to step up, and they did. Jocelyn made some big baskets, had some big rebounds. And she's a physical-type player. She loves a game like this. I mean really, in practice, you know, she's knocking people all over the place. And she loves that. But she stepped up and helped us a lot. And Jaelynn Murray did, of course. And of course these three up here as well.

Q. Paris, you had a big home crowd. You're from Greensboro. What's the experience like playing in your hometown?
PARIS KEA: Playing here in the coliseum is absolutely amazing. It's always great to see a lot of faces and family and friends that I haven't seen in a while. It's just an amazing atmosphere in Greensboro and I absolutely love it.

Q. Coach, how important was the turnover margin today? They committed 15. Your team only had five. They were forcing over 18 a game in ACC play. How was your team able to take care of the ball like the way they did today?
COACH HATCHELL: That's what I was talking about with Paris and -- not just Paris but some of the other ones as well.

The turnovers we did have, we passed the ball to them. We threw the ball inbounds and then we just got a little lazy there. But Paris had several games this year where she had only one or two turnovers. For a point guard that's really outstanding.

But that was huge and we knew they were going to come after us and that taking care of the ball would be really important especially against their presses.

Q. Coach, you subbed Olivia Smith in at the last moment to score those, to shoot those free throws, and that was her first free throw attempt all season. What was your mindset behind that?
COACH HATCHELL: Well, Olivia is a really good shooter and practice, we do drills and stuff. She hardly ever misses.

And the rule is that -- that's what I was talking to the ref so much about -- the rule is that whenever you come out there -- and they called the trainers out -- and Paris has to go out, her sub has to shoot the foul shot. No one on the court can do that, because I was going to send Leah up there but Leah was already out there. So someone off the bench had to shoot her foul shots. And so that's why I put Olivia in there, because she's really a good foul shooter.

Q. For any of the players, at one point I think Janelle was up in the coach's box. She was standing up a lot this whole game like an assistant coach. What was she saying to you guys and how big was it for not only you guys but Murray and Na (phonetic), the girls who don't play that much, to be in their ear and kind of coaching them along.
PARIS KEA: I mean, she was basically encouraging us, anything to get us going and bring the energy, really.

LEAH CHURCH: Same thing. I know when I came off the court, maybe if I missed a shot, she'd say you got the next one. Just like what P said, she was just always encouraging.

SHAYLA BENNETT: I think she was trying to keep Murray engaged in the game, and always making sure we were all making the right plays and being an extra coach.

Q. Leah, a career high 20 for you today. But also early in the second half, I think there was a stretch where you forced three straight turnovers, took a charge, stole one off the inbounds and took an elbow to the face. How pleased were you overall today, not just the 3-point shooting?
LEAH CHURCH: I was just trying to take advantage of this awesome opportunity. It's been a dream of mine to play in the ACC Tournament. To have this chance, I didn't want to waste it. I wanted to do whatever I could to help my team whether it's taking charges, knocking down shots, just having energy out there. I was just trying to do my part.

Q. Notre Dame tomorrow, obviously you guys beat them in January. And you'll be getting Janelle back. So any of the three players, what's the mindset going into that game?
SHAYLA BENNETT: I think bring her back is obviously going to be a big deal. They're going to have to play her inside, which is going to open up our outside. And I think it's just going to give us better opportunities because they're going to be focused on her because obviously she didn't play today and she's a big factor on the team.

Q. Paris and Shayla, how does your role change when you guys are a little bit short staffed and you don't have Stephanie and Janelle out there?
PARIS KEA: I think I've become more of a facilitator they were face guarding me tonight. I maybe only been face guarded once or twice throughout the whole season. They trap most of the game.

And so Church probably had most of my assists. But just facilitating the ball, two people on me, somebody's open and finding them.

LEAH CHURCH: My role, I think, is just, like I said, being as vocal as I can be because Janelle is a vocal leader on the court and just trying to make shots. That's always my role.

SHAYLA BENNETT: For me, I think my role would be like Coach Hatchell said, to be more aggressive because obviously Janelle is not in there; it's like next player up and keep my teammates involved and not try to overdo it but just play my game and help my team.

Q. Coach, at what point was the decision made or did you guys know that Janelle wouldn't play this game? And what was the conversation like with Murray on getting her second career start?
COACH HATCHELL: Well, the situation at Duke the other day, it was excessive unsportsmanlike behavior. That's not Carolina. That's not how -- and she was very sorry for that situation. But she had to -- the consequences were to not play in this game. And she accepted that.

And I told her, I said, "Look, your role needs to be" -- because they're roommates and best friends -- I said, "I want you to coach Murray; talk to her about what you would do in situations." I said, "I want you to make this her greatest moment since she's been at Carolina. I want you to help make this her greatest time of playing basketball at the University of North Carolina."

And so I talked to her about her role today with Murray and not just Murray but the team. I thought she did an outstanding job. She was so positive over there and talking to the kids and helping her teammates win. And she'll be back out there tomorrow.

And it takes all of them. Olivia making that foul shot. Bailey talking to her teammates and helping Murray and Naomi and all -- and then Stephanie as well. They all are contributing in their way. May not be time playing on the court. But it's the mental part is tremendous.

The chemistry out there with this group today was tremendous. The teamwork, the chemistry, and those kids that didn't get time, they were a big factor in that. So just proud of the whole group.

Q. To follow up on that sentiment, I think a lot of people have said this team has a short bench. But obviously the bench stepped up big time today. How important do you think that is going forward to prove that when you do have multiple regulars out, that everyone can kind of step up?
COACH HATCHELL: I tell them probably all the time, probably every day you never know when you're going to be called upon. Always be ready. We had several situations this year where people have had to go in there, someone gets hurt, someone would get in foul trouble or something like that. And just like today with Olivia.

And so that's why in practice -- Olivia works so hard in practice to make her teammates better. And so you never know you've got to be ready when that opportunity knocks. And so, like I said, I preach that about every day probably. So that was good.

And I told them before the game: I believe in you guys; I know you can do this. And I had Mack Brown come and talk to them the other day before we left. Mack and I are really good buddies, and we go back a long, long way. And he came in and said some things to them. And he actually sent us a message this morning.

And I'm sure these things they've heard before. But he was just really good about preparing for tournament time and creating an edge and things you have to do and stepping up, being a team player and the mental part of it and just all that. He was really good.

And they listened and they took that all to heart today. And when we came out of the locker room, I felt a sense or a spirit of oneness with this group.

You can just feel that and sense it, especially when you've been coaching as long as I have. I could feel that and sense it with them and on the bench today. And we had timeouts. You could just -- you could feel it. It's like the wind, really can't see it but you can feel it. And I could feel that today. I think they could, too.

Q. Paris, if it came from Mack Brown, we'd love to hear it. But where did you find your edge in the second half and what helped you get going; Coach said you were posting up more, but what else was going on for you?
PARIS KEA: Well, I feel like there were a few calls that I didn't get. They were very physical. So I just had to learn to just play through the foul really down the stretch.

If you've never seen heart, you see heart in Church. She brings it like no other. And I think that her grit kind of brushed off on me in the second half. And I just wanted to give my team whatever it took to get the win.

Q. Shayla, looked like your knee was bothering you a little bit. You played all 40 minutes. Did you ever think about putting a fist up and asking for a sub for a minute or two?
SHAYLA BENNETT: No. Two minutes left in the game, I played 38 minutes, two more minutes wouldn't hurt me.

COACH HATCHELL: When she got hurt, the assistant coaches were saying, "Oh, Shayla needs a sub."

I said, "No, she doesn't. Not Shayla." I've seen this kid play too much. "No, no, she's staying out there. She don't need a sub." She's never -- she's one of those that's never hurt. These three up here, hu-huh; they don't get hurt.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.
THE MODERATOR: We are joined by Clemson head coach Amanda Butler and student-athletes Aliyah Collier and Danielle Edwards. Coach, an opening statement.

COACH BUTLER: You know, we were able to beat a really, really good team today. Virginia Tech is just one of the best performing teams in our league in February and down the stretch, and obviously their performance yesterday. So they certainly put up a great fight and we've got a great deal of respect for them.

Really, really proud of my ugly duckling Clemson Tigers, though. Just fought. It wasn't our prettiest game, but we don't ever really count on pretty. We're just going to play hard and grind it out. And we kind of have this agreement, we're all going to do what it takes and then be okay with where we end up after that.

But tremendous senior leadership. Tremendous balance. Dani got us out of the gates. Aliyah was just doing her thing the whole ball game. Kobi had a section where she led us. Destiny Thomas had a section where she led us.

But ultimately it came down to us being able to get stops. And we're really proud when we can be in that position and then come out on top that way.

THE MODERATOR: Questions?

Q. Aliyah, you scored eight straight points to take the lead for good in overtime. What were you seeing in overtime to get those three straight baskets?
ALIYAH COLLIER: Wasn't seeing really much, just was going with the flow of the game. Get it out and in. Get down. We know what defense they were running, so we were prepared to attack their defense and at least try to get to the foul line.

Q. What was helping you with the back-to-back 3-pointers there?
ALIYAH COLLIER: The flow of the game, really. My teammates, they seen after the first shot I made, so they was finding ways to get me the ball. And I was just going with the flow and they weren't guarding me. So I wasn't going to shy down from a shot.

Q. Obviously Emery scored the last 17 points for Tech in the fourth quarter. What changed there where she was able to be so effective there late in the fourth quarter? And she didn't score in the overtime until the last second 3-pointer. Did you make any adjustments defending her in overtime there?
COACH BUTLER: Yes, we went zone. We thought that we could switch some screens and keep somebody in front of her. And she just, she played with like a senior with her hair on fire, that sort of urgency that you expect to see in your seniors, just like mine did. But she's a great ball player. Look at the numbers that she's had in the league. Maybe her best game in the league. But she deserves a lot of credit.

Her team did a great job finding her. And we just -- we couldn't keep her out of the paint. We couldn't keep her in front of us. We couldn't keep the ball off the block, so we said, let's play a little zone and see how that works. And it worked much better.

Q. What was your defensive game plan against Magarity today?
COACH BUTLER: Our biggest aspect of our defensive game plan was to try and box her out. She's an elite rebounder, and we did that reasonably well. She still got 10. She's just double figures on the board, seems like, just when she wakes up in the morning.

But I think that her low scoring was because she's a really good ball player who understood what was working. And when we got the ball in to her she took advantage of it a couple of times. But then she was looking for Emery, because she was obviously unstoppable. So I just think really unselfish ball player, making the plays that her team needed her to make.

Q. Was your defensive game plan any different than when you played them at your place during the regular season?
COACH BUTLER: Very similar. We did a much better job of defending them. They did a really good job handling our back court pressure. We kind of expect that at this point in the year. But we wanted to keep pressing so it became a game of who is going to have more energy at the end to make that one last play.

And our team really committed to that. We did probably a better job the first time we played them of pressing them. But, again, credit Kenny and credit their kids for adjusting and handling it really well.

Q. Before you get away, this is your first ACC Tournament game. Give us some thoughts about it and what it means to your program?
COACH BUTLER: Oh, shoot, you know, it's just, I'm happy to be here. I don't know. Is that too simplistic to say? I'm really happy to be here. I'm happy to be a Clemson tiger. This is the best conference in the country. And I just feel really blessed and fortunate to be coaching such a special group of women who compete for each other every single night.

Greensboro puts on a first-class event. I've always admired it from afar. And it's just, like I said, it's an honor and a privilege to be part of it, and it makes it even special when you're part of it and you're a winning part of it.

We're really excited to be playing in the quarterfinals. That hasn't happened for my seniors ever. So we're going to celebrate for another 10 or 15 minutes before we start thinking about the next one.

Q. Playing off of that, Danielle and Aliyah, what does the win mean to you, a win in the tournament?
DANIELLE EDWARDS: Whenever someone has asked me about this postseason, I describe it as special. We've been able to accomplish something with this program this year that hasn't been done in a very long time. So being able to get to the quarterfinals, it's just special.

ALIYAH COLLIER: Same as Dan. It's really special because, like, in the previous years, you know, we've gotten here and we haven't gotten as far in the postseason. So to be here in this situation and to get the win tonight to help us keep going forward, I think that's just something that I'm going to look back on after I graduate.

THE MODERATOR: We're joined by Coach Kenny Brooks and student-athletes Taylor Emery and Regan Magarity. Coach, a brief opening statement.

COACH BROOKS: Proud of my kids. That's all I've got.

Q. Taylor, you scored Tech's last 17 points in the fourth quarter. What were you seeing out there that enabled you to get on such a roll there and lead your team into overtime?
TAYLOR EMERY: I'm a senior. And we needed this game. And I told them I'm going to carry us, so get me the ball and I'll make it happen. And they trusted me.

Q. You didn't score until the last-second 3-pointer there. What defensive adjustments did they make on you there on in overtime if anything?
TAYLOR EMERY: They started face guarding me. But that's no excuse. I still have to come through for my team.

Q. Taylor, when you look back on this game, how frustrating will it be knowing how close you guys came?
TAYLOR EMERY: It's a heartbreaker. It feels like last year all over again.

Q. Regan, how were they defending you? Were they making it a tough shooting day for you, doing things defensively to make it tough for you?
REGAN MAGARITY: They're long and athletic, but that's no excuse. I just wasn't able to make shots when my team needed me to.

Q. Collier had the eight straight points there in the overtime to give their team the lead for good. What was she able to take advantage of, anything with the defense to get the team the lead there?
COACH BROOKS: No, she just made shots. The two 3s she got, there was a defensive miscommunication and just gave her two wide-open shots and she knocked them down.

Q. Talk a little bit about Taylor's performance there, particularly in the second half and how she carried you guys?
COACH BROOKS: She did. She was tremendous on the offensive end, got us going. She hit some very tough shots. I thought she could have done a little bit more but she got beat up. She got beat up quite a bit. She's going in and going to the hole. And I thought she got beat up quite a bit.

So to be able to persevere through all of that, it's even more impressive to what she was able to accomplish, all things considered.

Q. I know it's maybe tough to look at now, but as postseason comes along, you've got maybe a 10-day stretch here before you'll know where you guys end up. How important will it be for the program to continue a postseason run that it's had?
COACH BROOKS: It will be extremely important for our program. Just as important I think it will be extremely important for these kids. They deserve it. They played extremely hard. They've done tremendous things for our program, for our university.

Two of the hardest-working kids I've ever been around. For them to come up short, it's really a travesty because I thought they had opportunities. And like today, it's heartbreaking because I thought they deserved it.

But I think that obviously the postseason is important to our program as we continue on. What they've done for this program since I've gotten here has been unbelievable. Couldn't ask for a better crew, what they've done and how they progressed. So I think it's very important.

Q. Obviously last year you had the close shave in the ACC Tournament and you bounced back from that made it all the way to the WNIT final. What's going to be the key to bounce back and being similarly motivated in the WNIT this year?
REGAN MAGARITY: I think we just have to continue doing what we've been doing well. We have to play for each other, play together. Our goal is definitely to win, so I think we all have to come out, put this loss behind us and just get ready to work again.

Q. Kenny, your defense in the fourth quarter, did you make any adjustments to keep them in check in that last quarter?
COACH BROOKS: We didn't. I mean, they made some adjustments and tried to, and we had to counter that. But I thought we left them a couple times and gave them too good of a look and they capitalized on it.

They're a strong rebounding basketball team. But it's a lot of grabbing and holding going on in there. And I can't wait to watch the film. I really can't, just to see really how a couple things happened.

They made shots. I don't think they typically go 8-for-19 on a given night. They're not really known for their 3-point shooting. But give them credit. They stepped up. Thomas did a tremendous job early. And then -- sorry -- Collier knocked them down in overtime.

Q. Taylor, as a senior, how much would you like -- this may seem like a simplistic question -- but how much would you like continue playing and have another round of postseason play here?
TAYLOR EMERY: I'd love it. It's our last season. So it's very important for us to play postseason. I don't want it to end just yet.

Q. You made that late 3-pointer there and waved bye-bye to the fans there. How much fun were you having there in the fourth quarter? Was it something you can feel, like, oh, they can't stop me, I'm feeling hot here, I guess? What was it like to play in that fourth quarter?
TAYLOR EMERY: I was just trying to win, and whatever my team needed me to do was what I was doing.

Q. Can you talk about your team's dominance offensively and defensively in the fourth quarter? You outscored them 21-7.
COACH WALZ: I thought we finally did exactly what we were trying to do defensively, and that was make them shoot contested outside shots. We finally got our feet on the 3-point line. We stopped dribble penetration.

And I thought Sam did a great job of not fouling as players drove to the basket. She went straight up, contested the shot. And then Bionca was great on the glass in that fourth quarter. She came up with some really great boards.

And we had some big-time offensive rebounds as well. Durr gets her own on the one shot. And all of a sudden we've taken about 50 seconds off that clock at a critical time.

So we're just going to have to continue to get better. I thought we executed well a few times in that fourth quarter, which we're going to have to do a much better job tomorrow.

Q. How much did Edwards leaving this game in the fourth quarter affect the outcome of it, in your opinion?
COACH WALZ: Well, I think she went out with the last two minutes or something. I'm not sure how much time there was. But up to that point I thought we had done a really nice job. We stopped trying to fight with her and tried to stop her in the full court. And then we backed off of her.

Because she's really quick. She loves to penetrate and then do an up-and-under move. And we finally picked her up maybe half court but did give her a head of steam to get going by us. I thought in the fourth quarter we did a real good job on everybody.

Q. Sam, 12 rebounds. You were really going to war with them inside there. Talk about the nature of having to battle some very good post players.
COACH WALZ: 14 of them, 14 rebounds. Not 12.

SAM FUEHRING: Thanks, Coach. Battling against Clemson, it's really hard because they're nonstop. They just keep going. But I don't know. I give a shout-out to Katie, our strength coach, because my vertical is getting higher, I guess.

But it was really hard, especially offensively. I don't usually -- I feel like I don't usually get that much. I haven't since last year. But it felt good to know that I still have it in me to just pursue the ball.

Q. We talked Tuesday night about Clemson. What did they do differently this time around when you guys played them two weeks ago?
COACH WALZ: I thought they attacked us off the dribble a lot more. They really tried to get to the glass and use dribble penetration more than they had when we played at Clemson. And then for us, we didn't do a very good job for three quarters of staying in front of them and making them shoot pull-up jump shots contested.

And then when they get going and get excited, I mean, they play with a lot of passion. Like I say, Amanda's done a remarkable job. That's the one thing. You add Simone Westbrook, who is a very good player. Her savviness, she understands the game; she'll bait you into something.

What I admire about her game is she's not the fastest thing in the world, but it's like I tell my players. She changes speed so well that she'll slow up almost to like she's just in a walk. And when she does make a move, it's explosive. So she knows how to change speeds at several levels.

But you add Simone and then everybody else for the most part is returning from last year's team. And Amanda's got them playing a style of basketball that fits them. She's up. She's pressing. She's attacking.

And it's a credit to her. That's why she was coach of the year in our league because she did a remarkable job with those young women.

Q. Asia and Dana, you win the fastbreak points battle here 12-0. Especially early on, you were really getting fast on them. What did you see in their defense that allowed them to do that?
ASIA DURR: Well, we were just trying to create tempo and get some cheap ones. Dana was doing a great job of pushing the ball up the floor. So that's what we were trying to do. Coach Walz has always preached to us tempo. So I think we did a good job of that tonight.

DANA EVANS: I think with the eight to 12 transition points that we did get, Coach Walz always talks about how we need to get eight or 10 easy points. I think we focus more on trying to get transition points and pushing the tempo to get those points.

Q. I think when the other teams played, I know people want to have the bye in the first round. But sometimes when other teams play, sometimes we have games like this where it takes. Did you feel like maybe that was the case maybe a little bit today where you guys really started finally clicking in the fourth quarter?
COACH WALZ: I do like to have a chance to play. Like I do like having coming off and played, because there are a lot of games like this where it's the first time out there, your first time going through it. But I can't use that as an excuse.

I thought Clemson outplayed us for three quarters. I thought their effort was better than ours. There were a few plays where they had four players on the ground and until Mykasa Robinson came in the game we didn't see the floor; we just bent down and tried to pick it up. And Mykasa finally started to dive on the floor, which I thought got the rest of us to realize how hard you have to play.

Clemson just did a really nice job of coming out and attacking us. It's like I said, they put that thing on the floor. They shoot 15 free throws to our nine. But in the fourth quarter we finally started to give that effort defensively and we started talking. There were several times where we gave up -- just a dribble handoff, and we didn't communicate. Two went with one and somebody went down and shot a layup.

And I'm sitting over there going, I can't coach that. I don't know what to tell them because we've talked about it the entire year. And we lead our league in defense, it's about 54 points a night. And they had 60 at the start of the third quarter and we talked about that.

So I was proud of them, because you've got a choice there to either keep fighting or throw in the towel. And I had no doubt that we would keep fighting and these young women did a remarkable job to get a W.

Q. Dana and Sam and Asia, could you talk about the second to final sequence where everybody seemed to expect a foul? You drove coast to coast and dished to Jazmine and everybody seemed very confused by that. Were you confused as well?
DANA EVANS: I was sort of confused -- actually, I don't know about that. They were really aggressive and they were trying to reach in. But it kind of backfired because they didn't call a foul at the end when they were trying to foul. I was just trying to use as much clock as I can and I just saw Jaz running so I gave it to her for a layup.

SAM FUEHRING: I thought we were going to pull it out. There was about eight people in the back court and Jaz just kept running. Good for her. But I didn't know what was going on at that time. I should have. But I thought it was, like, less time and then I looked up and it was, like, 24 seconds. And I was just going with the flow.

COACH WALZ: If that makes you all feel a little nervous, how do you think it makes me feel when she goes I wasn't sure what was going on? You give me a bunch of confidence right there, Sam.

SAM FUEHRING: I was following everyone else. I was literally following everyone else. Everyone's back there, okay, I'll be with you.

Q. You talked to your local media about this, but for Asia to win player of the year in this league two years in a row in a league that's this stocked with talent and now everybody is just looking at where that places her, and I guess you could say the hierarchy of great Louisville players. Can you put it in perspective how big of an accomplishment that is?
COACH WALZ: It's pretty amazing because this is one of the best leagues, I think the best league, if you look at just what we've done the past two years. And for Asia to be able to do what she's done and get back-to-back player of the years, it's pretty amazing. And she'll be the first to tell you, too, we have a pretty darned good basketball team.

Some people are, like, how can you finish second in the league and not have more than one player on the all-conference team. I tell them it's easy. We have six players that averaged between 10.5 and 7.6 points a game. Every single one of them have had a night where they scored 15 or more. That's why we're good. Because who do you not guard?

And if you look at our stat sheet tonight it's the same. Sam Fuehring has eight. Bionca has eight. A.C. has 10. Jaz has 8. Durr had 24. And Dana has 15. We've got three players one bucket away from a double-figure night and we'd have six in double figures.

So I know the one thing I will say about her is she's as humble as any player that I've ever been around. She's always complimenting her teammates. I think when you're as talented as she is and you're as humble as she is, your teammates are excited for her.

Our game on Thursday night, our last home game, it was pretty neat to watch, because her teammates were looking for her and getting shots, stuff you can't -- you either know how to do as a player or you don't.

And it's fun when you've got players that are looking for you and setting you up. And then you want to talk about our hierarchy of players, you've got Angel McCoughtry. She's a two-time Olympic gold medalist on top of what she did here. So that's pretty impressive.

And now we're going to try and make a run to win this thing, be back-to-back ACC Tournament champs, but we know we'll have a tough game tomorrow. This is a program that I don't think it ever won regular season back-to-back championships, co-championships. So I think that puts all of them pretty high within our program.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: We're joined by Florida State coach Sue Semrau and student-athletes Nicki Ekhomu and Morgan Jones. Coach, an opening statement.

COACH SEMRAU: I want to compliment NC State. What Wes has done with that team, they just continue to fight and played great defense.

It was a great experience for us, though. It was an experience with a very young team to come in and play a top 10 team and to compete at that level. You could see the immaturity in our team. We'll continue to grow, and this will be a great teaching tool going forward to the NCAA Tournament.

THE MODERATOR: Questions.

Q. Looked like you struggled to cope with Cunane's height, especially early when she really established herself there.
COACH SEMRAU: We struggled when Valencia Myers got her second foul. She didn't play that whole half. So that was tough for us. We're not very deep in the post. They're not very deep in the post. They did a better job of not fouling.

Q. You talked about what an experience, a good experience this has been with such a young team. If you could put in perspective what this whole season has been like, because I don't think very many people expected you guys to be in the place you are.
COACH SEMRAU: I appreciate that. And they didn't. And how could you, with the youth and then the three major injuries that we had. Makes me very proud. My juniors have carried a very heavy load and done a great job doing it, to be in a position to go and compete in the NCAA Tournament with this young team. Really excited to have 23 wins on the year and 10 in the ACC. I think they have accomplished a lot this year.


THE MODERATOR: We're joined by NC State coach Wes Moore as well as student-athletes Elissa Cunane, Aislinn Konig and DD Rogers. Coach, an opening statement.

COACH MOORE: Proud of the way we hung in there. Obviously very frustrated with the first quarter. We gave up 24 points. And then very proud the second and the third period, did just a great job defensively. And in the fourth period again we gave up a few too many points.

A lot of those came off of turnovers in the fourth period. We've got to do a better job taking care of the ball in those innovations.

Really proud of this group. It's always tough when you've sat around for a couple of days, the other team's played a game. I think they have an advantage, especially in the first period. And I thought our kids bounced back, kept their confidence, and just did a great job. So they've done it all year long. And it was good for us to get off to a good start tonight and get to play another day.

THE MODERATOR: Questions?

Q. DD, for you, obviously the final game of the season for you on senior night, you finished with over 20 points and 14 rebounds in that game. You go into this one, how much confidence did you have in yourself after having that kind of performance that you could do it again with another double-double tonight?
DD ROGERS: Yeah, I definitely came off that game feeling very confident in myself and in my team in general. I played off of them knowing they'll be there to play off me as well. Just take it one step at a time. I definitely felt good about this game coming into it.

Q. What adjustments, if any, did you make from the first time you played Florida State to tonight?
COACH MOORE: Well, we tried to play pick on the ball a little bit different. Down there, we were probably too passive with our defense and allowed them to get some open 3s. And down there I probably should have adjusted better in the second half. And tonight we did take a little bit different approach.

And I thought our players did a great job executing it for the most part. I know we gave up a couple of 3s there late in the game that was a little disappointing when we were really in a no-3 situation. But for the most part, definitely in the second and third quarters anyway, did a pretty nice job. So I think that was a big factor.

Down there, again, it was tough, too, we lost Erika Cassell and it was tough on the team emotionally and tonight was different from that standpoint.

Q. Elissa, you came out for the opening tip with a big smile on your face, and that's kind of the last emotion I expected. Did you battle any nerves at all?
ELISSA CUNANE: Yes, I was nervous before the game but as soon as I stepped on the court those just disappeared and it's just playing the game of basketball like I do every single day.

Q. Kiara Leslie only had four points in the first half. How were you able to pick up where she left off with her production?
AISLINN KONIG: She's a really great player and a lot of times she leads us in scoring and does a lot of great things. I think we moved the ball well and we're finding open shots and definitely feeding off the fact that Elissa was scoring in the paint a lot.

And then DD was able to get some good points too. So I think we were able to move the ball and find the people who were scoring. And Ki was able to pick it up on defense and really help us there and keep us in the game.

COACH MOORE: Ki was struggling with some stomach pain, too. That's why she came out for a little bit there in the first half. And so I know she struggled with that most of the night. But I think she'll be okay for tomorrow.

Q. Elissa, you get to come back here close to home and have such a good game in your first ACC Tournament play. What's that feeling like to be able to show out like that here?
ELISSA CUNANE: It's very special for me to play in front of my friends and family, and what this team is doing is special. It means a lot to me and I'm excited to see where we go.

Q. A lot of players played over -- five players played over 34 minutes tonight. For the players, how do your legs feel? And, Coach, can you keep this up for two more days to win the championship?
COACH MOORE: From my standpoint, it's one game at a time. So our main goal was to win this game tonight. And then obviously tomorrow our goal will be to try to win that game and we're not really worried about Sunday yet. We've got to take them one at a time.

And obviously every team at this point in this tournament is really, really good, including Florida State tonight. So I don't know if you guys want to add to that.

ELISSA CUNANE: My legs feel great. I'm excited.

Q. Ais, you hit that 3 in the second half that kind of kick-started a big run. And then after Florida State hit a 3 you had that and-one. So two big timely plays. How big was that for you guys to be able to halt their runs and go on runs of your own with your big shots?
AISLINN KONIG: I think our team as a whole does a really good job of finding the open player and being able to create energy. So Ki was able to pick up that rebound and throw it down. And that energy really I think, the whole team was able to feed off of it but also that wouldn't have been anything -- that and-one wouldn't have been as exciting as it was if my teammates hadn't been there and reacted the way they did and celebrated with me.

Q. Wes, I'm guessing a big part of your game plan was to go to Elissa on the low block there. But where in the plan was it called for her to drift out and take that 3-pointer there with the game on the line?
COACH MOORE: We're comfortable with Elissa taking the 3. Obviously we like her on the block. And probably second half I probably did a poor job of getting her touches.

We had a hard time running our stuff in the second half. I thought Florida State got in the passing lanes and pressured us some and at times we were a little disconboluated -- if I said that right.

AISLINN KONIG: Discombobulated.

COACH MOORE: You got my point. I thought, again, we should have got the ball more, probably should have got DD the ball more because they were playing really well tonight. And I felt the matchups were good in there for them.

Q. Elissa, you had a couple big games down the stretch against good teams, twice against Florida State, that Notre Dame game. Is there something about those opponents that brings something out of you?
ELISSA CUNANE: I just think during those games I've had the opportunity to step up and my teammates have done a great job finding me. It means a lot to me to be able to impact my team.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.


Q. Coach, I guess particularly talk about when Syracuse shoots 3-pointers like this, how difficult that is. And how does a game like this prepare you going into the NCAA Tournament?
COACH MEIER: You know, you get that draw. We've gotten the draw a lot where we find a team that is reliant on the 3. We've got our double big coming up -- I'm sorry, but let me talk about how amazing these two were. I mean, my God, just warriors. And smart. And moving off of each other and playing off each other.

I will answer your question. But there's no way I'm not going to get up here and tell each of you how much I love you and how proud I am of you and how unbelievable that performance was. It was amazing.

The question being, the second half, Syracuse we can withstand. I think we did some stuff to break the rhythm. There was four inches of a basketball game in the first half that we gave to Syracuse. That's four inches on a 3-point shooting team. We did not have enough urgency for that last four inches of our closeout.

So they made them. And in the second half I was screaming about four inches. It was -- I mean I wanted to fly a plane with a banner that said "Take those four inches, Miami," because once we took those four inches away, they were human and not superhuman.

Q. If both players could answer this: Obviously you guys have had a great season so far. And it's not over yet. But, in particular, what the two of you are looking for in terms of going to the NCAA Tournament. You don't know who you're going to play yet, but you know you can play with the best teams in the country. How confident do you guys feel like you guys can make a run in the NCAA Tournament?
EMESE HOF: I think we are confident. But we need to work on a lot to be able to pull that off. No one can relax. And we see that today. You're probably going to face a team like Syracuse. And like for me and Bea, that's adjusting -- because like one of us -- usually Bea, sorry -- has to defend on the perimeter. And that's different play-style. And, too, post we just defend down low. However, I am confident we can make a run in the tournament. And it's all we've got left.

BEATRICE MOMPREMIER: Just going out there and competing, focus on what we have in front of us instead of moving on to the next game, just going out there and competing.

COACH MEIER: Did I give enough credit to Syracuse? What a performance. I'm going to hang my head because I think there's some things we could have controlled, including offensive rebounds in the last three minutes of that game. But my God, you've got the Tiana thing you've got to solve and all of a sudden Strautmane steps up and then Drummond starts hitting. And then the offensive rebounds by Maeva. Three offensive rebounds. So they're very, very good.

This should not make Miami seem what's wrong with Miami. We've lost to NC State, who is very, very good. And Syracuse is very, very good. And we generated opportunities that we could have been on the other side of that.

We're not rocked, but I do think in times like this, sometimes the losing team doesn't give enough credit to the winning team. And I'm -- all hail Syracuse; they're good. So is Miami.

Q. Coach, it looked like you tried a lot of different things on Paris -- zone, man, rotating defenders, even Brianna at stretches. What was the idea, just to make her work harder or did you feel like one was more successful than another?
COACH MCGRAW: I didn't think any of them were successful. I think we were trying to find something that worked and we weren't able to.

Q. Just talk about you guys lost to North Carolina last time. Do you feel like today you had some determination to get a little revenge from losing to them down here a couple months, a month ago?
COACH MCGRAW: Yeah, absolutely. I think we were happy to see them on our side of the bracket. And it was great to have Jackie Young go for almost a triple double. We clearly missed her in the last game. No excuses on that loss; they played well. And they played well today but we just shot the ball better today.

Q. We know that this is sort of the second season. In terms of marking the success and the steps that your team is taking as you guys go for the ultimate goal, what are your measurements, what are you looking at?
COACH MCGRAW: We're trying to find some people that wanted to defend. I think that's the thing we're probably lacking right now is the ability to shut down a really good player. We haven't really had that all year. We're trying a lot of different things see what we can come up with. But that's probably the one area that now I'd like to see improve.

Q. Players, been there, done that. What are you guys saying amongst one another in terms of reiterating what coach is hoping to see as you guys progress?
ARIKE OGUNBOWALE: I think we're just talking to each other, wanting to play hard, play together and try to execute Coach's and the rest of the coaching staff's game plan.

BRIANNA TURNER: I agree. We have to be able to get a stop. We're going to have tougher games down the road, too. We have to come together as a team and make sure we're playing hard on D and make sure we're winning the rebounding battle as well.

Q. Tomorrow, what's the most dangerous thing about Syracuse in terms of that matchup?
COACH MCGRAW: I'd say the 3-point shooting. They're so dangerous. But really Mangakahia, she's a terrific guard and she's a triple-double possibility every single game. She really can see the floor. She's got tremendous vision. She can score. She can drive it. She makes everybody on their team better.

And they have some really good weapons. So I think those are the two things that are my main concern.

Q. Coach, you mentioned a little earlier having Jackie, but it just seems like the way she's able to impact from every single level of the game, we're seeing that game after game from her. Can you sort of put that in perspective about how she's raised her level at everything across the board?
COACH MCGRAW: She really has. I think she's an incredibly complete basketball player. She can defend, rebound, score and pass. She can do everything, and we put her in a lot of different spots. In the last game, she played 1, 2, 3 and 4, depending on who is in the game. She can play the point just as easily as go inside.

She's kind of the glue that really keeps us together. She's probably the one common denominator that we like to have on the floor.

Q. North Carolina is going to be playing in the tournament for the first time most likely in four years in a couple of weeks. What sort of challenges do you think they can pose for opponents moving forward?
COACH MCGRAW: I think they're going to be a really tough out. I wouldn't like to see them again. I think that they can score in a lot of different ways. They can defend. They can run the ball. They can slow it down. They've got an inside/outside presence. They've got terrific guards. And I think they're going to be a really good team in the tournament.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Coach, in the first quarter, Miami kind of took the lead pretty early and you guys came back in the second quarter to have a 13- or 14-point lead at halftime. What was the difference between those quarters?
COACH HILLSMAN: Our interior defense really buckled down in the second quarter. Did an amazing job in the post. Something we've been stressing to them. But more importantly they just didn't let them score the ball around the rim. They were making them take tough 2s and they were missing shots and getting rebounds and running transition.

And Tiana did a good job attacking the paint and finding shooters on the wing. Tiana was just fantastic in this game, 25 and 13. And four assists -- four turnovers in 39 minutes, that's just pro numbers. She just did a fantastic job. And our players did a really good job of running the floor, give her space to attack the paint.

Q. I guess I'll start with you and anyone else who wants to answer. You've said before that you don't feel like your team is playing its best basketball. You said that about a week ago. Do you feel like today you hit that mark?
COACH HILLSMAN: We're getting better. We still have these spots to where we don't make plays. We still let teams make some runs. But it's all about toughness. All we talk about is toughness; what are you willing to do to save a possession? They made a run. They took the lead. We came back and we made our run.

It's about playing tough. If we can put 40 minutes together, I think we've got a real chance to do something special this year.

TIANA MANGAKAHIA: Yeah, I think this time of the year is a lot different to just regular season play. And like Coach Q said, toughness and grit really, especially tomorrow we play the winner of this game and coming off a good game we'll be confident. And just really pushing to the very end and giving it everything we have. And I think that's going to help us get to the championship game.

GABRIELLE COOPER: I think now is the time we lock in. We're locking in, focusing in, preparing better. We're just doing all the little things that we probably didn't do exactly the right way we needed to before. So, we're just locking in, trying to finish out, like you said.

But there's still times we have plays we don't compete. But we only had, what, eight turnovers this game. And we've been focusing on little things like that. So we're hitting goals and marks that we need to. So we're just trying to buckle down and be ready.

DIGNA STRAUTMANE: I agree with what they said. It's like it's a different part of a season and we just have to push through all the little things that we didn't do. We have to just try to do better every situation. Like, in every game we have to get better, like, in all those things. So it's the last moment when we can show this season. So we have to do it.

Q. Tiana, at one point they had Hof on you and Cornelius down low. How hard is it for you to get the ball around the floor?
TIANA MANGAKAHIA: I know which situation you're talking about. At the time, like, obviously Maya was in the post and I was waiting for the clock to run down a little longer. And, I mean, it's either I attack her or give it in and let Amaya take on the guard. And I think at that time I threw it in to Amaya and let her do what she does best.

Q. Gabby, in the fourth quarter, you were involved in some plays that probably won't show up in the stat sheets in terms of tipping the basketball out, I think you got a block down the stretch. What kind of clicked for you as the game was sort of the tightest?
GABRIELLE COOPER: I'm a leader on this team. I know I have to make certain plays. Certain plays you can't let go. So when I missed that 3 I'm, like, we need this ball back. And I seen an opportunity for me to go get the rebound. And I didn't think I was going to be able to grab it because the way the two players coming at me were.

I see Tiana quick at the top. I thought maybe I could get the tip to her I was able to do that. That made me happy. Like you said, it's the latter part of the season. We're just really trying to focus in and grind in. So every little play counts. And we're really trying to focus on every little single play.

I know I caught myself in the beginning in the first half, I shot the shot and my rebound kind of came back my way. And I probably could have attacked it. And I thought about that when the second time happened. It's like, I've got to get it this time; I can't let it happen again. We're trying to bypass every little mistake we can.

Q. Tiana, after Miami came back from 15 down in the second half and took the lead in the fourth quarter, what were you wanting to do at that juncture to get the lead back quickly?
TIANA MANGAKAHIA: I just wanted to move the ball and really attack them because that's what was working for us, attacking them. But I knew Gabby and Miranda were both hurt. They were shooting well. Gabby hit one down the stretch at the top of the key and that really helped us get the good vibes back in the game. So, yeah, just sticking to what we're good at, attacking and dishing and just playing everyone's strengths.

Q. You guys keep talking about it being the sort of the second season and rightfully so. But you can't just become who you aren't overnight. In what ways through the course of the year have you guys prepared for this moment?
TIANA MANGAKAHIA: I think a lot of ways, our preseason games that we played were really strong and that definitely helped us. I think the tournaments that we went to, Cancun and Florida, both prepared us for this tournament to have tough games and to push through those adverse times.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Obviously it's been a couple years since you were in the NCAA Tournament. How good does it feel to have a team that's headed back there in a couple of weeks?
COACH HATCHELL: You're right. We went through a lot with the -- because we were top team in the country there until the NCAA thing hit, and we went through a lot there. But we persevered through it. It's over. And we're back to being one of the top teams, I feel like, in the country.

And our league is just so, so tough. And the fact that Paris is our only senior and we've got a great class coming in. Now we will definitely miss this young lady, no doubt about it.

But I just told the team in the locker room, I would not want to play us in the NCAA Tournament, because we're capable of beating anybody. We showed that by playing like we did. If we hadn't played back-to-back we probably would have had a little more gas there in the second half. But we're looking forward to it because I feel like we're just peaking right now.

We get Stephanie back that will give us even a little more firepower out there. And we're looking forward to it and I think it's going to be a lot of fun for this group of kids.

Q. I was curious, Leah Church hardly played today after a career high yesterday. What was the situation there?
COACH HATCHELL: We started her and she was out there. But she wasn't getting any looks. Leah is a zone buster. She's a shooter and zone buster. And defensively they were posting her up some. A little bit of difference in the size made a little bit of a difference there.

But she wasn't getting some open looks. So I made that switch. I put Jocelyn in there because of the rebounding, of her physicality and the rebounding and all that there. And Leah played what, 11, 12 minutes something like that. But she got a couple of shots. Where was she, Church, 0-for-2. She was in there for 13 minutes.

But she wasn't getting the looks and all. So I felt like we needed Jocelyn's size and rebounding and everything like that. So that's really -- but if you play us a zone and she gets open looks, that's when she's deadly.

Q. Paris, how do things change on offense when you get Janelle back in the mix, and how do you think she played today?
PARIS KEA: Janelle played good today. Looks like she had a pretty good shooting night. So, when she's in the game she can stretch the floor for us. Turner had to come out and guard her. Whoever was guarding her, the lane was basically open for me.

Q. Paris, having Shayla out there, she has 17 points, how does that open up more looks for you having another good guard?
PARIS KEA: I guess if I'm being trapped or face guarded and I'm not having any open looks, she takes care of business.

Q. How important is it going to be opening up you guys as more of a dynamic offense if you have Stephanie back for the NCAA Tournament?
COACH HATCHELL: She definitely helps us because her size. And right when she got hurt, she was -- of course she's a great 3-point shooter and driving to the basket -- but her defense had really, really come around and she was really helping us tremendously.

The last time we played Notre Dame, I mean, when the ball, when they were doing their high-low and throwing it into their post players, she was there. She was on weak-side defense. She was reading the passes and she would be there lots of times when they threw it into the post players.

And so we miss her defense as much as we miss her offense. So having her back would really, really help us out. So we're hoping that she'll be able to play, of course be a couple of weeks. But the first time we play will be, I guess, will be week from tomorrow. So we're hoping we'll have her back by then.

Q. After the NC State game you talked about the keyword for you guys is healthy. Having this big stretch of time off before the tournament, how important will that be for you guys to be back to where you were in that week before you beat NC State?
COACH HATCHELL: You must have been in our locker room. I just talked to them about using the time that we have -- of course next week is spring break, but we'll go Monday and Tuesday and I'm going to give them a little time off. I said, this is our time to heal up and get ready to come back and have a few good practices and go play.

But that is one of the things that I addressed in the locker room because we're a little bit banged up and all that. But we will definitely do that. And a lot of them will be in treatments and everything else.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach.

Q. For three quarters your team did a really good job at getting into the paint and getting layups. And then in the fourth, what did they do to take that away?
COACH BUTLER: Well, they really kind of started sagging off of us a little bit more, in particular our screeners, and just trying to really clog the paint. They were a lot more spread out the first part of the ballgame and took some of our good looks from 3 away, which is something we've been doing really well here lately.

And then they just kind of flipped the script in the last part of the ballgame, second half, fourth quarter in particular, made it much tougher for us to get in there and finish.

And, guys, this is one of the best defensive teams in the country, as well. So as much as we just -- we like to say we're just trying to be us, Louisville was just Louisville and played great defense when it mattered most.

Q. Can you kind of put in perspective -- when you came in here, it's not even been a year, did you think you'd be sitting here in the position you're in, potentially getting an NCAA Tournament berth, and playing a protected No. 1 seed right to the wire basically?
COACH BUTLER: We just didn't really approach it like that on the front end. I think that on the front end we just wanted to agree to things that we were in control of. And that was daily improvement.

How much we were going to love each other and what that was going to look like and that when we did get an opportunity to compete against someone besides ourselves, we wanted to make that competition to be Clemson's best and not as much about our opponent.

The last thing that we wanted to try to accomplish was whoever we were playing -- at the beginning of the year, I'd be lying if I told you, we said, oh, let's win this many games or try to finish in the top half or get this seed or any of those things. We just said whenever we play somebody let's make sure they know who they're playing. Let's make sure when that game is over they know who they were competing against.

And ultimately we don't always control the outcomes, especially when you're playing against the best teams in the country. And in this league which makes this league so special and gets us so ready for the NCAA Tournament.

But on the front end, we agreed to the things that we wanted to give energy to and that wasn't records or decisions that committees were going to make that we didn't have any power over. We just wanted to just, every single day, work really, really hard; love each other; and be proud of our university; and go out and battle and compete whenever we get in those opportunities.

Q. One of the things in women's basketball has been that when coaches, when women coaches lose their jobs, a lot of times they did not get second chances. And I asked Muffet McGraw about this earlier today, and she said, you're a great example that she gives to people as somebody who had that happen and then has come back. Can you talk about that? Because I do think it's been an issue in women's basketball, that maybe the trend is starting to change.
COACH BUTLER: I would love to think that what this really special group of women has accomplished this year and the administration at Clemson giving me a chance to do what I love is a great example to other ADs across the country that second chances, next opportunities, whatever those are, just hire the best person for the job.

And I'm really glad that you asked that question because I think that it has been a really negative trend in our business that when women lose their jobs, they don't get a similar second chance. And it's not as common in other ways in sports.

I'm just really, really grateful that Dan Radakovich and Stephanie Ellison thought I was the right choice; that we have a group of women that, from day one, made that transition for a new head coach and a new staff really, really easy because they were eager, and they were just really wanting to figure out how good they could be and wanted a chance to do that.

But if I can be someone that somebody else looks at, whether that's the next fired coach or whether that's an AD who goes, "Hey, that wasn't a bad idea," then I'm proud to be that.

Q. Simone, can you talk about the confidence of this team? Because this is such a hard league to play in. And obviously Clemson, the last several years, has struggled to put together ACC wins to make the kind of jump you guys did this year. Obviously it's taken some confidence. How did that build over the season?
SIMONE WESTBROOK: Well, we came together as a team and kind of looked at what they did last year and ways they wanted to improve. And just every day in practice we got better. Every game we found a new way to win.

We would look at film and we would perfect our mistakes, and we would perfect those in the next game and just try to find something to get better at. And, ironically, we came up with "Ugly Ducklings" because we realized we're a scrappy team; we're the team that's first to get on the floor and first to get up.

We found our niche in this league. And I think we're the only ones that could do that. So we just tried to improve every practice, every game. And we always try to be the tougher team. And I think that we really do that.


Q. You go on a 19-0 run in the first half. You can check my numbers on it if you want. What were you all seeing on their defense that made you all do that?
COACH MOORE: I don't think it's anything that went on with their defense. I think we kind of changed the tempo at times. Mykasa Robinson, I think she changed the entire game. I mean the entire game. Her overall hustle, the effort on both ends of the floor. And it's things you can't even see. You look at her stat sheet and I just told her in the locker room that I was really impressed with the fact that she fouled four times in five minutes and wasn't even trying to. But she comes up with, she has two turnovers and two steals. If you look at that you're going, what in the world did she do? Now she changed the entire complexion of the game for us.

I was really proud of how she came in and performed, and then we started executing. Our problem was we have gotten really sloppy at the offensive end. We're not screening as well as we had the past month. And now we're just flying by and we have to get back to doing what we do well. And that's set screens, use screens, move without the ball.

In that second quarter I thought we did a great job. We ran a few out-of-bounds play. Kylee Shook gets five points off out of bounds, and big five points. So really proud of them. And it's just -- it's the fun time of the year. You've got to figure out a way to win.

Q. Sam, can you talk a little bit about, I know you haven't had anytime to think about this, but it's a matchup that I think everybody's been thinking about, if you guys play Notre Dame again. Can you reflect back -- it's been a while, to that January 10th game and what you guys need to do better tomorrow?
SAM FUEHRING: I feel like we need to rebound. When we played Notre Dame in January, we didn't rebound well. And we kind of got sucked into the ref play instead of our own play. I think we need to move on from whatever calls that they call and just keep our heads in the game and not check out early.

That's pretty much what I think of when it comes to that Notre Dame game is boxing out, containing the ball, contesting shots and just move on.

Q. Sam and Asia, you had the last 12 points of the game, you two. What were you all seeing in that stretch that made it happen for you?
ASIA DURR: We were just trying to make reads. I actually had no idea we had the last 12 points of the game. But we were just trying to find a way to score, try to get a stop, get a score, then a stop. That's what we all were trying to do.

SAM FUEHRING: What Asia said. But I also feel like Coach Walz ran really good plays to set us up that way, too.

Q. Asia, you got off to kind of a slow start shooting. What got you going in that second quarter when you hit a couple of 3s there?
ASIA DURR: You just have to stay patient. That's it. You're not going to make every shot. I mean, everything's not going to be pretty. So you've just got to stay patient, trust the process, trust the game plan and just play hard.

Q. NC State got in foul trouble in the second quarter. Did you all try to make an intentional effort to attack the basket?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, you just want to make reads. If a player has two fouls or one foul, picked up a quick first foul you want to go at her because she's probably not -- she's probably not going to try to foul. And you have to make that read. That's what Coach Walz is trying to tell us; if we have the ball on the wing, just take it.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, Asia she touched on everything. So what Asia said.

ARICA CARTER: What Asia said.

Q. Arica, I think you guys got 28 points off turnovers today and obviously won the turnover battle big time. How important is that going to be tomorrow?
ARICA CARTER: It's going to be very important. If we could find a way to make Notre Dame turn the ball over and convert those turnovers it's going to be great. Coach talked about that before the game, how we did a great job of that last game and to be able to come into this game and do the same thing. Hopefully we can keep it going and be smart with the ball.

Q. Arica, you nailed four 3s out there today. You end up with a total of 16 points. What were you seeing on their guard play that was allowing you to get those shots off and in?
ARICA CARTER: Really just focusing on how my teammates have pumped my confidence up. Read the defense when I was open. I shot it confidently because of my teammates and how they're always telling me, like, you've got this. So really just trying to take my time, read the defense and not rush any shots.

Q. Coach, you were up about 10 with about 30 seconds left. Jaz was on the bench with about five fouls, but you were still coaching her. Can you talk about the team dynamic and how that works with your players even when they're on the bench out of the game, you want to coach them up?
COACH WALZ: We're just trying to teach them as the game goes at every opportunity. When I was talking to Jaz about was about two possessions before that, NC State had a sideline out of bounds and our goal was to make them throw it in the back court towards our basket so we could use more clock.

We went for a steal and they throw over the top. Now you're speeding them up and they need points. The last thing you want to do is get the game going faster.

I was trying to make sure I explained that to her and everybody on the bench because we try to use every opportunity we can as a teaching moment. And I just think it's important during the moment, if you can do that, to try to explain it to them. Because at the end of the day, you know, you've got to make smart plays.

I've got a good friend that always tells me all the time, dumb loses more than smart wins. You've got to make the smart plays. You've got to make sure -- limit the number of mistakes you're going to make and you can give that credit to Beth Burns, okay. That's her favorite line she tells me all the time.

And it's true, it's like, guys, just eliminate the foolish and silly mistakes and let's see what we can do. Now I'm sure Beth will be really thrilled that I quoted her on that.

Q. You mentioned obviously Wes Moore having to go to reserves late in the season after losing several starters. What does it say about the talent level of NC State to have two players in Elissa Cunane and Kai Crutchfield have such good performances after being bench players the start of the season?
COACH WALZ: They're really good. I was hoping that Cunane, this was her senior night also. I mean, she's really, really impressive. Just her composure on the floor. She played the 38 minutes. Crutchfield stepped up and made big shots. I love the confidence that Rogers is playing with at the same time.

They're a really, really good basketball team. I think the only thing that saved us at times tonight, we went in and pinched in on Cunane, not every time but at moments and we got her to turn the ball over which is what you have to do.

You've got to figure out a way. You can't let her get comfortable. She loves to turn it over the left shoulder. We did a great job of it 10 days ago of not allowing her to do it. And then for some reason in the first half she turned over the left shoulder every single time and scored on us. You have to give her credit being able to what she does well and she kept going at it.

Q. Looks like -- likely for the second year in the row you and Notre Dame will be No. 1 seeds. It's turned into maybe the premier rivalry in any conference considering the success you both have had. Can you just talk about how in some ways I guess maybe you bring out the best in each other?
COACH WALZ: All these kids know each other. That's really what's changed over the past 15, 20 years, is the fact there's so much travel ball being played in the summer. They all know each other. A lot of them play USA Basketball with each other.

So it's a great competition. And it's really what's fun to watch. I mean, I watch the fans go back and forth like they hate each other. Then the kids all know each other and they're actually friends. Now, do they want to win when you step out on the court? Of course you do.

But it's fun to watch them when they compete. And Notre Dame's playing fantastic. I mean, offensively they're really fun to watch when you don't have to play them. I've never seen a group of kids push the ball as hard as they do in transition.

They get it and go. They can go on a 12-0 run in two minutes. And that's where you've got to be smart at the offensive end to make sure you're attacking but you can't take bad shots. We talked to them in March. You can't come up with empty possessions. You've got to get shots.

And that's one thing over these past two games I'm really excited about because I think we had five turnovers in yesterday's game and we had eight tonight.

Q. Sam, you got your double-double today, 12 and 14. You were battling Cunane in there tooth and nail the entire game. Just talk about her as a freshman and that experience playing against her.
SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, she's an incredible player. I even told her after the game. She's so talented as a post player. I know when I came in my freshman year I wasn't, personally I feel like I wasn't nearly as good as she is.

I don't want to say that she has a long way to go, but she's going to make a really good four years -- well, three years because it's like three years left. But, yeah, she's going to be really good by her senior year.

COACH WALZ: It's going to be scary.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah.

COACH WALZ: I mean, I'd be shocked if that kid's not an All-America by her junior or senior year. She's that good.

SAM FUEHRING: I'd like to see her shoot more, like shoot more outside shots I feel like.

Q. You or some of the other posts (indiscernible) as a freshman? Is that meanness there?
SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, she's tough. She got me with an elbow. But we were battling down low. I feel like she was battling with my other posts, too. But, yeah, she's a really tough freshman.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Coach, Louisville ended the second quarter on a 22-2 run, and you came out, outscored them, rallied back to tie before the layup to end the third for the Cardinals. What do you tell your team at halftime and how would you assess how they performed in the third?
COACH MOORE: I told them they did a great job to start the game. They built a 10-point lead. We're down by 10 at halftime. All we have to do is do what we did to start the game -- flip it back, get the 10 points back. They did that. Unfortunately, they probably ran out of gas fighting so hard to get back to that point.

So, like I said, they did a great job, and I probably should have gambled and played some people with two fouls. Again, give Louisville a lot of credit. They took advantage of it.

Q. Wes, do you think your team just used up a lot of energy to get back into the game and?
COACH MOORE: I do.

Q. Noticed barely 20 minutes off your bench tonight. Was that a factor?
COACH MOORE: I think so. We can manage -- we can rotate and manage with one starter out or whatever, but when we have three out it's tough. We just don't have the depth to handle that.

So, like I said, should have probably taken a chance, let them maybe even get a third foul if need be and make sure that we kept the lead.

Q. Coach, last time when you guys went up to Louisville it was obviously the first quarter that killed you. And today you come out strong in that first quarter. How much of an emphasis was there on that starting well?
COACH MOORE: We felt it was important we got off to a good start and more than anything maybe flip it. It may have been important that we did and let them get off to a great start and get that confidence going again.

But, again, except for that second quarter, where we gave up 27 points, pretty unbelievable to hold them under 20 each of those quarters, and, like I said, have an opportunity down the stretch to win that game.

Q. Wes, looking at Kiara's numbers -- nine shots, two rebounds. I know she was expending a lot of energy guarding Durr, but what is her health situation?
COACH MOORE: I'm not going to talk about that. But she's not feeling well. It's not a -- it's not an injury, she's just not well. I thought she battled -- you look at what she and DD Rogers have done as fourth-year players is pretty impressive. But Ki will be fine, but unfortunately she wasn't at her best as far as physically feeling the last couple of days.

Q. Coming into this season you ladies weren't getting that much playing time. Always expected to. And as the season ends you're leading the teams. What have you learned about yourselves moving forward? And like moving into next season and the postseason, what can you improve on?
KAI CRUTCHFIELD: So just coming into the season always had the mindset of just following, being able to listen to what our leaders like Ais, Ki, the guards and even the coaches have to say for me to grow on that.

And it's a blessing, of course, just to be able to step into the role. Unfortunately, the reason why I'm in the role I am in now is because of injuries. But in the postseason and just going along with next year, I just want to keep growing as a player defensively, offensively working on mid-range, attacking the basket, whatever I need to do in order to fulfill my position in NC State's program, that's what I want to do.

ELISSA CUNANE: Same as Kai, it stinks that the injuries provided us with this opportunity, but I'm going to take this opportunity and do what we can and just keep on learning and improve my game.

Q. Elissa, for you, going into this tournament, obviously, you've been a starter for several games at this point. But how much confidence did you gain from just these two games in the postseason play having the performances you did?
ELISSA CUNANE: I think my confidence has definitely increased just over the course of the season so far and my teammates have really helped me out with that. And so going into postseason, with [inaudible] with the opportunities we'll have.

Q. Coach, you talked about maybe sort of gambling more maybe with players with two fouls. One was Kiara, and she sat the rest of the quarter after she got her second. So what made you not put her back in?
COACH MOORE: Well, I mean, you're concerned about her picking up three fouls if she -- that's normally what I do is, if you pick up two, then we're going to try to live to play another day. But, again, today, against a really good team like Louisville, probably should have maybe considered gambling a little bit there.

But if you've got three at halftime, you pick up a quick one in the second half, you're shut down for a long, long time. So especially with the lead -- but we did let it get away. And, like I said, second-guessed myself on that one.

Q. Kai, new career high for you today. Was that part of the game plan, was to allow you to take more shots, or was that based on what happened at Louisville and the way they were guarding you today?
KAI CRUTCHFIELD: I think I just went with the flow of the game. It wasn't just, okay, I'm going to do this because of that. It was the open shots, I take the open shots. And, of course, sometimes we all second-guess ourselves, but I felt more confident, like he said, just the confidence that my teammates have put in me, that the coaches have put in me, to get the career high.

Q. Elissa, you came back playing the Greensboro Coliseum. What are your overall thoughts on the tournament since you're from Northern Guilford?
ELISSA CUNANE: I'm excited how we played, and proud of my team, how we battled yesterday and today. And it was a very good experience. And I'm looking forward to next year.

Q. Elissa, when the ball got stuck in the rim the second quarter, you looked like you said something to Kylee Shook when she knocked it loose that caused her to laugh. What did you say?
ELISSA CUNANE: I said, "Your arms are longer, that's why you got it."

Q. Wes, for you, I Jeff Walz before this about the play of Elissa and Kai, and he said to him Elissa has a chance to become an All-American by the end of her career here at NC State. Obviously it's early in her career, but how successful do you think both the two players sitting next to you can be moving forward?
COACH MOORE: I think both have grown a lot this year probably gained a lot of confidence, and I think that always helps with Elissa being 6'5" and being very skilled. I think she also didn't really have the advantage of working in the summer last year because she was coming off of foot surgery. So I think in the weight room is going to really help her.

And with Kai, I think this is big for her to shoot the ball as well as she did today and give her some confidence and hopefully moving forward in these next few weeks, she can feel comfortable out there offensively.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. You started off the game, like, with 4:45 left in the first quarter, it was 13-13. And then you guys ended with an 18-6 run at the end of the first quarter. So go ahead and talk about what made you guys go ahead and really have that dominant run.
COACH MCGRAW: We were able to get some stops, which is always key in getting the run. We got some rebounds, which is another key. And then I thought we got the break going. We got some easy shots. And then we made some pretty good jumpers. But I thought Jackie Young took the ball off their press and was able to do a really good job of getting to the rim.

Q. Coach, you kind of had, I guess, an opportunity to coach what I call the splash sisters in Notre Dame with Michaela and Marina, and Marina becoming the 3-pointers leaders today. It's not that often you see two sisters be that successful in the same program. And could you talk about that?
COACH MCGRAW: It was a blessing for me to be able to coach both of them. They're very different personalities and very different players. But it was great to have Marina as a freshman when Michaela was a senior because she was a little bit like the mom out there. And I thought she did a really good job taking care of her and showing her the way.

Marina brings a different perspective to the game in terms of how feisty she is and how competitive she is, where Michaela was someone who was always the encourager trying to keep everybody together.

They made a great combination when they were on the floor. They really knew where each other was going to be. But it's really been a joy being able to coach both of them.

Q. You said a week ago that you thought you guys were peaking at the right time. I'm curious, a week later, two more games in, playing for hardware tomorrow, where you think you're at in the big picture sense?
COACH MCGRAW: I think we're in a really good place. I like what we're doing on offense. I think that's the easy part right now. We struggled a little bit defensively in the first half of this game as well as yesterday. So I'd like to see that tighten up a little bit. But offensively we're definitely where we need to be.

Q. Marina, I was curious, did you know on the floor where you stood vis-a-vis the record and when you let that one go?
MARINA MABREY: Yeah, I knew. Just like a lot of people have been telling me from, like, our media staff and stuff. So it was really nice to have great teammates who passed me the ball in the right spots. But really I'm just worried about getting our ACC trophy back.

Q. If you could both answer this, Coach has talked about -- we know how good your offense is; that's just a consistent thing with Notre Dame. But Coach has talked about wanting defense to be better. Could you just address that? Do you feel it's progressively gotten better, and how has that happened?
MARINA MABREY: I think it starts with our focus, just sometimes coming out, thinking we're going to outscore people. I think we really need to lock in and want to defend and kind of have that competitiveness and pride in our defense. We plan to bring that tomorrow.

JESSICA SHEPARD: We talk about just giving a little more, and I think on the defensive side of things is where we need to give a little more and like Marina said, just come in focused.

Q. You have five players that scored in the double digits today. Just talk about how well-balanced your team is and how important that is moving to the NCAA Tournament.
COACH MCGRAW: It's been great for us all year to have five players average double figures. I don't think a lot of teams in the country have that kind of firepower on offense. Any one of them could have 30 on any given night.

So it's a great chemistry that we have that nobody tries to do too much. And we're sharing the ball really well. I'm interested in seeing the bench scoring improve. That's what I'm looking for, seeing one person -- I think Abby Prohaska has definitely taken a step up. She's shooting some 3s. Dani Patterson gave us really good minutes. And I know Mikayla Vaughn's capable, too. So I'd like to really see that bench come along.

Q. I was just wondering, what do you think the chance is this year that we will see rematches with the ACC in the NCAA Tournament with how strong the ACC is this year?
COACH MCGRAW: I think that the ACC is obviously the best conference RPI-wise, but we definitely think we're the best conference. We've got so many great teams, looking at taking at least eight to the NCAA Tournament, which is probably more than everybody else.

We had more teams than anyone else last year, with two teams making it to the Final Four. And I think definitely we have the ability to do that again this year. Looking forward to seeing where everybody's placed in the bracket, because so much depends on where you go. And we have so much talent in this league. I hope we show well in the NCAA Tournament.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Do you feel like you've done enough for your team to get to host in the tournament?
COACH HILLSMAN: Well, I mean, we've got a 10 RPI. And I think, what, a 3 strength of schedule. If we don't, I mean, they're going to have to change the whole criteria. I don't know. I mean, I don't know, yeah, we have.

Q. You had a coaching career here in North Carolina, where it first started. How did it feel to be back here in North Carolina coaching again?
COACH HILLSMAN: I went to Laurinburg Institute and The Patterson School right in here. So it's fantastic, man. I love being here, love being in this state and just have fond memories of coaching prep school and being here in North Carolina. It's a great region, great area. I love it here.

Q. On that same note, what are some of the lessons you learned about coaching prep school here?
COACH HILLSMAN: Teaching and trying to just push your kids to be the best they can be and not let them settle. Obviously being at some of those situations at those prep schools, those kids, it was their last chance, and they had to make it.

I'm really proud to say that we had a lot of kids going to Division I programs and play at a high level and they're doing great in the business sector and in the community. Some of them still playing pro.

It was a great time for me, man. It was two really good experiences. It made me a hard worker and made me appreciate winning.

Q. What have you taken from this weekend that you're going to apply to the NCAA Tournament?
COACH HILLSMAN: I think the biggest thing that we have to understand is that from this game we know we've got to make shots. The games you don't make shots and you don't shoot a great percentage you're going to have a hard time winning that game. We need to shoot 40-some odd percent to have a chance to win this game.

We were at 30 percent again, and we can't shoot the ball that way against a really good team like this. And a bad shot for them is like an outlet pass, so you've got to take really good shots, get the ball in the net, get your defense set. More than anything that's important and we know we can play with anybody. We never thought that we couldn't. So that's just a moot point for us.

TIANA MANGAKAHIA: I think a lot of us have learned the importance of recovery and stretching. I think it's really tough playing three games in a row. And we just need to make sure we take care of our bodies after games and as well on the court, just play to the very end and try to take away what they're good at. So take away the high-low action, the lob, all of that stuff. And just recover properly and be prepared for the NCAA Tournament.

Q. Notre Dame can hurt you in so many different positions. Do you try to steer the ball and pick your poison as far as who is going to take shots or do you just have to take what comes?
COACH HILLSMAN: No. It's tough because they have so much balance. They have so much balance. And we really wanted to try to pack the paint some. When you've got shooters on the perimeter that can make shots, we can talk about it and say this is what we're going to do. But it's kind of hard to not start easing out a little bit to the perimeter to take care some of those perimeter shots.

But at the end of the day they have a lot of balance. It's hard to sit on one thing. But we did try to pack the paint and try to play off the high post a little bit. But they did a good job getting the ball to the high post and getting the ball out to the perimeter and attacking us off the bounce. They did a good job. That's what good teams do. Whatever you give them, they capitalized on it and they did.

Q. What can you say about the depth of the ACC this year, playing a tough schedule all season long? Where do you think the ACC rates compared to years past and the rest of the conferences this season?
COACH HILLSMAN: The rest of the conferences, they ain't close. That shouldn't be in the conversation. There's not a conference that's close to this conference from top to bottom. When you think about the teams that have new coaches and the turnarounds, (indiscernible), Clemson, NCAA Tournament team. They should be in.

And Pitt, they're playing hard and they've been aggressive and they're playing a different style of basketball but they're doing a good job there. And I think the top of our conference is -- they've got two to three teams that could be in the Final Four. So nothing surprises me with this conference or what can happen towards the end of the season because this is a very strong conference. I don't think it's close.

Q. So you're talking about, like, facing a balanced team like Notre Dame and stuff. So how, when you get in the NCAA Tournament, will you go ahead and change what you're going and try to go ahead and fix your issues with that, when in the NCAA Tournament?
COACH HILLSMAN: We don't have to change it because it ain't going to be Notre Dame.

Q. Like other teams and stuff. I'm sure you're going to face other balanced teams?
COACH HILLSMAN: Sure. Yes, definitely going to face balanced teams. But I don't know if we're going to face any team that's going to be as good at all five positions as Notre Dame is. I wasn't really trying to be funny or sarcastic. I'm just being honest. They're just a really good team.

They have scorers at all five positions and they're going to be Notre Dame and I think they'll be able to play some of our same schemes and not get hurt so much in those positions.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Can you tell us a little bit about Arica's injury? And, secondly, you had the same rebounding differential in South Bend with Sam playing. How much was a factor her injury today?
COACH WALZ: It was a huge factor. She's our best defensive rebounder that we have on the team. And they just really controlled the -- their offensive glass the entire night. It wasn't just their post players. Jackie Young really hurt us at important times. We came up -- we switched some defenses and forced them to miss some shots, and then just couldn't come up with a defensive board. That's a dagger. Kills your spirit. Kills your confidence at times.

But it's one of the things we've just got to get back to the drawing board. We've got to get some kid's healthy. It's A.C. I'm still trying to figure out, I know she sprained her ankle in yesterday's game. I'm waiting to get confirmation exactly what it was or what it is. And then we'll get her taken care of and healed and back hopefully in practice in a few days so we can get prepared for the NCAA Tournament.

Q. Bionca, between the combination of Turner and Shepard, just talk about having to try and guard and deal with them for 40 minutes?
BIONCA DUNHAM: It was a battle down there. They crashed the boards. It was hard to try to help and keep boxing them out, keeping them off the glass also. They just got more rebounds than us.

Q. Jeff, looked like Sam was trying to come back and you could see you talking to her a little bit. When did you sort of make the decision to maybe not have her --
COACH WALZ: I talked to her before we started the third quarter. I said if you're going to go out there you can't limp. And end all, end all, this isn't our final, our major goal that we're trying to get to. And the last thing I wanted was for her to go out there and try to continue to fight through it and then all of a sudden you take a one Grade 1 sprained ankle and turn it into a Grade 3 sprained ankle and now you're out three weeks.

She went out there, got a ball, she may have gotten fouled or something. And I think she tried to plant and that's when she looked at me and said, "Coach, I can't go." Which I was proud of her because she's a little stubborn and it wouldn't have surprised me if she tried to keep going. But I wanted to make sure she understood, yeah, we're always trying to win every game we play. But at the same time I wasn't willing to sacrifice her being able to play in two and a half weeks when the big tournament starts up.

Q. Asia, your final ACC Tournament, but as Coach mentioned a bigger goal ahead, just speak about the NCAA and what you're thinking about that?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, this is one game. This wasn't our final goal. So I think we fought hard at certain times throughout the game. But this is not our final goal. So we just gotta learn from it and continue to push forward.

Q. Jazmine, this is the second time that they've had a pretty dramatic rebounding difference against you. Do you see this as just a bad matchup for this team or is there another issue at stake here?
JAZMINE JONES: We've got to come out with a mindset to chop wood, like our coaches say all the time in practice. We just have to come with a mindset. It wasn't there today. We've just got to get back to it.

Q. You've been projected pretty widely as the No. 1 seed in Chicago. Presumably Notre Dame will get that given their proximity. What do you expect now? Do you still think you're a No. 1? If not, what happens?
COACH WALZ: Well, I mean, it's one of those -- I was really surprised when the last reveal came out that we were going to Chicago. I mean, with the fact that UConn was kept in Albany, it only made sense to put Notre Dame and Chicago based on the proximity of them.

And for us, at the end of the day, you know, being a 1 seed is great. It's a great honor. It just shows you what your body of work has been throughout the entire season.

But wherever they send us, we know we're going to get the opportunity to play the first two at home unless this loss put us to a 5 seed, which I don't think it did.

So, I feel pretty confident about that. And then it's one game at a time. I've said it the 12 years I've been here. If you can figure out a way to get to the Sweet 16, it's anybody's ballgame. They're great teams. And you've just got to play your best that night.

And it's the one thing that makes this time of year so exciting is the best team doesn't always win. It's the team that plays the best that night. That's why everybody loves March Madness. It's not a best of seven.

In '13, I promise you, we could have played the best of 100 and we may have won that one against Baylor. You've just got to come out and be ready to play from day one.

I would be surprised if this would drop us very far, especially with the injuries that we had. But whatever it might be, we're just going to have to embrace it and move forward.

Q. Jeff, this team hasn't lost very much. You have been to a championship game twice after playing UConn in a final that didn't go real well. How much can you share with them about quickly turning the page?
COACH WALZ: Well, yeah, this is the one thing about this ballgame. There were some things that we did well. We shot 49 percent from the field. It wasn't the offensive end of it. We scored. We attacked their man. We were getting layup after layup. But the problem was we couldn't get a rebound. They shot 83 shots to our 66.

And the thing about it we both shot the same amount of free throws. Normally when you see something like that, we may have shot like 35 attempts at the free-throw line when you see such a huge discrepancy. But they just kicked our tail on the offensive glass.

If you give me 17 more shots at the basket, it's hard to win. And you've got to give them credit for that. They played extremely hard. They attacked that glass. And we just couldn't keep them off of it.

Q. I know obviously defensively was tough for you today, but could you describe how hard it was to defend Shepard and Turner, having them two together inside?
COACH WALZ: Jess, I had the opportunity to work with USA Basketball. And I've just -- I told her when we played up there how impressed I was at the shape she's gotten in. I'm not sure how much she changed her body or what she's lost. But it's remarkable. She gets up and down that floor so much better. She's always had a great touch.

The one thing she doesn't do for them that she has is shoot the 3. That's one of the things, when she tried out for a few of the teams that I was part of with USA Basketball, she had a great 3-point shot. But for them, when you've got Turner and Shepard inside, it's almost pick your poison.

But we talked about it; you can't let them get two feet in the paint. When they get two feet in the paint they're scoring on you. And there for a little bit in the first half we stopped them from getting two feet in the paint and they missed some shots. So they played so well together, they passed the ball real well.

But I'll say it, I think the key to their entire team is Jackie Young. The kid gets -- I think people might not talk about her as much. I just go back to the Final Four game, I think she went 10-for-10 against UConn in that semifinal game. She just defensively, the way she attacks the glass, she passes the ball. She's the one that when I watch on film she impresses me. She might not make the wow plays as much, but she puts -- she's got a heart and she's a motor that just does not stop.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Coach, I'm curious what sort of a message you think this game sends to the other teams across the country who will see the scoring and what you guys did this weekend?
COACH MCGRAW: When you beat ranked teams by as much as we did this weekend, I think it sends a great message. We want to try to set a tone, but it's a new season. Everybody's undefeated. We've got to take care of business every single game. I'm glad we sent a good message. We can enjoy a couple of days off and then get ready to get back to work.

Q. Jessica and Brianna, I believe you guys scored 72 points in the paint today, which is a season high. Can you just talk about that and just the way you two worked together throughout the season and then this game in particular?
JESSICA SHEPARD: I think coming into the game we knew we had a mismatch, I think the guards just did a good job passing the ball inside. I can think of all of them making a great pass in. And obviously getting to play with a great player like Bri makes it really easy. You can just throw it up to the rim and watch her go get it. It's been a lot of fun this season.

BRIANNA TURNER: I think we really took advantage of how they were guarding us. A lot of times they went four guards, so we knew someone would have a mismatch. And also just Jackie taking the ball full court, going in for easy layups. I think we really executed and took what the other team gave us.

Q. Coach, looking back on the two ACC losses in particular, Notre Dame and Miami, what did you learn from those and what did you sort of tell the players about that that got you to where you looked as dominant as you have this tournament?
COACH MCGRAW: I think the first thing was we're coming in as the defending champs and that's something that we've never done with this group. So it was a different attitude. I think the regular season seemed a little less important at times to them because we just were anxious to get to the tournament play.

Going to North Carolina, I think that showed us two things: One, we've got to focus and be ready for every game on the road, which we generally were; but without Jackie, that kind of showed us how important she is to our team. To go to Miami, they're a really good team. Miami's got a great team. Hof's played really well and they did a lot of really good things and we didn't.

We didn't shoot the ball well, didn't pass the ball well, didn't do anything well. Our focus was off. I credit both teams, Miami and North Carolina.

There's a lot of good times in the ACC. Paris Kea is a terrific player, Hof is a great player. There's a player on every single team. I think it taught us to be ready.

Q. Jackie, one of the things that Coach Walz said watching you guys, you're the player that he worries the most about in terms of how many things you facilitate out on court. Can you talk about that, what you do out there in terms of not just looking for your own offense but everything else you do for the rest of the players?
JACKIE YOUNG: Yeah, I think I'm just really willing to do whatever it takes to help our team win. And whether that's guarding the best player on the other team, rebounding, scoring, passing, whatever that is, I'm willing to do.

So I don't know, I think early on I'm just -- for this tournament I think I was just looking to attack early so I could get my teammates open and look for Marina and Arike on the 3, and then have passes for Jess and Bri on the inside. And if I'm scoring they're going to guard me a little bit tighter so I'm able to dish the ball.

Q. Coach, a year ago you guys, everybody was, like, wow, how are they getting through all these injuries. You were sort of the underdog. I think it's the exact opposite this year. And that's a different mentality. Can you just talk about how well your team's handled that sort of pressure to be the defending champ?
COACH MCGRAW: I think it's been kind of a transition for them to learn how to handle that. I think they've done a really good job of that throughout the year. It's just different going into every single game they celebrate when they beat us as if they won the national championship. And you've got to be ready for that. You've got to bring your best game every single night.

We're where we should be. I think right now we had a couple of bumps in the road this year. Last year it was just so fun being the underdog. But this year we have the big targets on our back. It will be different heading into the tournament.

Q. Sophie, has it hit you that this is your last NCAA tournament?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: Not really. I'm just excited to be here. I think our team deserves it we're in a really good spot right now. Coming off of two weeks practice, we're ready to play. We're hungry to play. Yeah, I'm excited to be here. Like Coach said, it never gets old.

Q. Do you feel different the way you're playing compared to last year?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: Yes, honestly since I've been here at Mizzou, this is the best team emotionally and physically going into the tournament. I feel like our team is in the best spot it's been all year. And what a great time to be, considering it's our last tournament.

Q. Before you got to watch film you thought you had high advantage. After watching film, and do you think you have an advantage?
AMBER SMITH: I think we have an advantage. I think just pounding inside and also getting our shots on the outside.

Q. Sophie, first off, are you feeling better? I know you were a little under the weather?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: Yes, I'm getting better, we're good. I'm excited to get going.

Q. KeKe, you guys gave Georgia a really good run last year in the tournament. How much confidence did that give you that you can play with the big schools on the big stage?
KEKE CALLOWAY: You know, last year that was a hard-fought battle between Georgia. We play them every year, so we -- coming into the game, we just tried to be confident that we could play with anyone in the nation, and we prepared well, and we just tried to come out and fight regardless of the outcome.

Q. This is for both players to comment on: When you have a long winning streak like you guys are on, what is the positive in that, and are there any negatives to that?
AMANDA THOMPSON: I don't think we really think about the winning streak. We really take it one day at a time. I didn't even realize until last week -- I hadn't even thought about the fact that we were on a winning streak. We just don't want to talk about that.

So I think it's more one game at a time. We're focused on Iowa and what our coaches are telling us about that game.

KEKE CALLOWAY: Yeah, just to second what Amanda said, we're just taking it one day at a time, and when we come out and compete, just take what the coaches give us at practice and try to put it all together when we come out and play. And we've fortunate enough to come out on the winning end of however many games we've won.

SUSIE GARDNER: 17. (Laughter).

Q. For either of the players, just your thoughts about what you see when you see Megan Gustafson on film?
AMANDA THOMPSON: Obviously she's a great player. Top rated in the country. So we've just excited about our scout and our coaches' ability to create a game plan, and then give that to us, and we're just going to take that and play our hardest.

KEKE CALLOWAY: Yeah, obviously she's a great player. In watching the film, she's very skilled. We're just focusing on just taking the game plan and the scout from the coaches, and we're just going to come out and compete hard and give her our best shot.

SUSIE GARDNER: Sounds like the game plan is very important, doesn't it, from these guys. (Laughter).

Q. I'll ask the same thing to you: Just your thoughts about Megan Gustafson and the problems she might present.
SUSIE GARDNER: Well, you know, we don't get the Big Ten Network in Georgia, so honestly, the only knowledge that I had of her was reading on ESPN that she got Player of the Year. This was before obviously we drew them in the tournament. So we don't get to watch a lot of Big Ten games at all just because they don't come on TV.

But then when we drew her, of course I knew this was going to be one of our biggest dilemmas in playing Iowa. So we obviously did a lot of research on her and watched a lot of film. First of all, you look at her stats, and you think, man, these stats cannot be real. It's like when I'm watching film and she misses it's almost like a shock that she's going to miss the shot. Not only is she a great scorer, she's an exceptional passer, and that stood out to me because a lot of times post players aren't the best passers on a lot of teams that we compete against, and obviously she's used to being double, triple-teamed, and her ability to just get the assist and find the open player is remarkable.

And on top of that, she runs the floor really, really well and plays a ton of minutes. She is just an incredible player that I wish I was able to watch more this year just as a fan versus as an opponent, but she's a special, special talent for sure.

Q. Have you done anything special in practice to try to prepare your team for her and how you might stop her?
SUSIE GARDNER: What do you think?

You know, I've watched a lot of different teams, and we do, we scout really hard. Those weren't just words that we told them to say. We really take a lot of pride in our scouts of our opponents, and so I've watched a lot of film. Obviously our coaches watched the night that we learned we were playing you guys. And you watch other people's philosophies, whether it's an in-conference team or perhaps an out-of-conference team, and everyone does something different.

Most of it doesn't work. I mean, part of it works, but if you keep her from catching the ball, someone else is open, and they've got really, really good shooters from the outside. They've got drivers, they've got all the ingredients of a great team. So certainly we have a game plan, but this is the beauty of playing this game tomorrow is for us to see if what we think may work -- I told my players, listen, she averages 28. I mean, who averages 28? So that means there's been times that she's had more than 28. So I'm trying to tell my post players, listen, she's going to score, don't get your feelings hurt. That's basically been the message to my post players is listen, "It's not on y'all." I'm trying to put the blame on everyone else besides my players that are going to be defending her. That's kind of my philosophy strategically or emotionally, I don't know which one it is.

I mean, I'm very excited and curious to see what we're going to try to do, if it kind of comes close, you know? That's the fun of playing the game.

Q. Do you talk with your players at all about being here in Iowa? Obviously Iowa being in Iowa City and then Drake being in Iowa and Mizzou only being three hours away, is the fan base going to be -- have you talked about that with your players?
SUSIE GARDNER: No, we haven't. We didn't talk about that. I'll tell you, that's an interesting question which I'm going to answer it maybe not the way you wanted me to, but we have great following. Our fans are awesome. We have a great following at Mercer. When we go to Asheville to the SoCon Tournament, in the women's side we have the largest crowd. We went to Georgia last year, and I promise you, it was half and half, Mercer and Georgia fans. Our fans were so excited to drive over to Athens and support our team, and I will say that our fans on Selection Monday were probably the most disappointed, not because of who we played but where we were going, because it is a 13-hour drive, and it's a very expensive, quick turnaround if you're going to fly.

We're not talking about now we're the team that's far away. Now, would it be nice for me to recruit the Drake fans and the Missouri fans and say, hey, help us out. I know y'all rather play Mercer and Iowa. So cheer for us because we get a lot of energy. But it is what it is.

So we don't talk about it with our players. I know we've got some disappointed fans, though, that wish they could be there. We do have some watch parties going on in Macon at some of the restaurants because we do have a great following. We're very, very fortunate to have that support at home.

Q. Can you tell us about your team? I know you have four senior starters and players who have logged a lot of minutes in a lot of big games. What are the strengths of your team?
SUSIE GARDNER: Well, one is those seniors, when they were freshmen, we were picked to finish fifth out of eight in our conference, and one thing that's a strength is that's the first year we won the regular season Southern Conference championship and they've won four in a row, so a strength -- I know that's not what you're looking for, but one strength is they've been there, and their confidence, and they've won. They know how to win. We've won a lot of close games this year. If you looked at our scores, a lot of them came down to the end, but we have -- you look at Iowa, what their strengths are. We have players that can score. KeKe can score. But all five of our starters can score.

We also feel like we're pretty good defensively. We worked very hard on that. I would say that our experience has played a key role in what we've accomplished this year because we were very, very, very good last year, lost some key players, key starters off of last year's team, and so I think the fact that these seniors that were juniors on last year's team have been able to continue what we've done in our conference, and it's hard. Y'all know. It doesn't matter what conference you're in. It's hard to go undefeated two years in a row through the conference and also in the tournament.

So what they've done has been pretty impressive.

Q. I think you're fifth in the nation in fewest turnovers given up. Is that experience, or what's the reason for that?
SUSIE GARDNER: That is not what I expected because last year one of my assistant coaches, Sydni Means, was my point guard last year, and I actually hired her right out of college. We led the country or she led the country last year in that category, and I thought when we lost Sydni, I had told myself, okay, prepare for turnovers -- the ball to just be pinging everywhere.

So that is not something that we really -- I didn't have any idea that we were going to be that good at not turning the ball over this year. And maybe it's just because I get mad in practice when we turn it over and I make it a big deal, but maybe it's just the culture that has been cultivated because of our success with Sydni last year, and maybe it's just, oh, we don't want to turn the ball over.

But we don't really do anything different, maybe because our guards shoot it before they turn it over, who knows. But yeah, I looked at that stat this morning before I came over here so I'd be educated with y'all's questions, but that is not something we anticipated this year at all. At all. Pleased about it but didn't expect it.

Q. A 15 has never beaten a 2 in the women's tournament. I think between the 2s and the 1s they're like 231-1 or something like that in the first round. Has that been mentioned to the kids and just the opportunity that might be out there to do something that's never been done?
SUSIE GARDNER: You know, I know y'all are disappointed that we don't talk about all this stuff behind the scenes, but we really don't. We did not talk about the streak. My assistant coaches are getting on my last nerves a little bit about all this stuff about 2 and 15. They've mentioned it, but it's not something that we're going to talk to our players about. Maybe I'm nave or maybe I'm just different, but we just try to keep it like nice and simple about who our opponent is and not try to do all the peripheral stuff that's involved.

Now, certainly if we were able to do it, we would certainly mention it at that point.

Q. Your mother said you play better sick?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: I guess so. Maybe I need a couple of IV's tomorrow to get me going. I think it helps me focus more. I want to do whatever I can for the jersey and to get that win. But, yeah, I mean I'm feeling better. I don't really sound like it but I'm feeling better.

Q. Sophie, someone who's been around Cierra almost forever, what's it been like to see her come back and kind of get a shot at another NCAA tournament she might not have ever expected?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: She's in a very different situation. Once you step away from the sport people don't get the opportunity to come back, especially at the college level. I think Cierra stepping away for five or six months it helped her body recover a little bit. And I think it also helped her mentally, too. I think she really missed it. And she's not taking anything for granted, I'll tell you that. As Coach says, if you're tired, just wait, because you're going to recover a lot faster in the real word, you're really not tired. It's been awesome to have her back. Her height is a huge advantage that we use a lot down low. So it's been great to have her back.

Q. Sophie, did you ever play against Sara Rhine when in high school ball?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: No, I didn't. But a lot of the other teammates actually I played ball with, from Kansas City Eclipse. Pretty familiar with them. Yeah, they're a good, fundamental team.

Q. What makes Sara so efficient down low?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: She just knows how to seal very well off the ball. She's not afraid of contact. She's just really good at finding the angles. We're going to have to shut that down.

Q. You guys just got here, but what's it like to be back in Iowa, do you feel more comfortable here?
ROBIN PINGETON: Well, I haven't really left my hotel room much. So this is the first sign of daylight I've seen. We got in yesterday late afternoon, but, you know, certainly for me, obviously, you know, it's really neat to come back to Iowa.

I wish my dad was here to enjoy this NCAA tournament with us. He was a die hard fan and been such a huge part of my life. It just would have meant the world to him to be around our team and to be a part of this. But a lot of family, a lot of friends. My sister played here at the University of Iowa, so very familiar territory.

But obviously nothing about this is about me. It's about our team. And so you have those thoughts or you may go there for a moment, but really all of my focus is just trying to put this team in the best position they can against a very talented Drake team. We know we're going to have our hands full. I've been very blessed with this group, proud of their resiliency. The senior class is obviously really special. And just so blessed that we get an opportunity to go battle again together.

Q. Coach, both you and Coach Baranczyk are Bluder -- I don't know if want to say -- disciples or part of their coaching tree. What kind of mentor was Lisa for you?
ROBIN PINGETON: Yeah, I think I'm probably the only one in the country that came from Iowa state and kind of an Iowa disciple, that's foreign territory, and trust me, I grew up in the middle of all that.

But Lisa has been incredible for me. Had a great opportunity for play for her in college. We had a lot of success at St. Ambrose. And then after that I had an opportunity to go play professionally. My mom had a stroke and so leaving the area wasn't the right time. And she gave me an opportunity to go with her as a Division I assistant right out of college. She's been a huge part of my life, both on and off the court, and forever grateful for the impact she had in my life.

Q. Sophie says she thinks it's the best field the team in her time. Do you agree with that?
ROBIN PINGETON: I do, I think our team is in a really good place. Just not only emotionally, physically. I think as we all go through the season, looks different for all of us. Playing in the SEC is such a physical league, and so a lot of times I think you feel the aftermath, just -- and feel it drained when that's done.

But maybe we did a better job with management and practices, and what that looked like throughout the course of the season, I don't know. But I think our kids are in a great place.

I think this last month we've been playing some pretty good basketball. Energy has been high. Focus has been great. Attention to detail has been really good. We've been shooting the ball a lot better. So, yeah, I think when you go into tournament time you want to feel good about where your team is at and I feel as good as I ever have with this team.

Q. Secondly, earlier in the season, how much do you think this team has grown from that time to now?
ROBIN PINGETON: It's interesting, I think every season is so unique in discipline. People want to talk about there's a struggle for up and down. I go back and look at it and think, golly, South Dakota is in the NCAA tournament, Michigan is in the NCAA tournament, Auburn is in the NCAA tournament, you try and think, okay, there were some peaks and valleys, but we played a really good nonconference. And obviously the SEC has been a challenge night in and night out.

I do think there's growing pains, and we had lost at that point in the non-conference Jordan who was a huge piece of what we did offensively and defensively and Cierra Porter wasn't there and Kayla Michael and then we were blessed to get Cierra Porter back after Christmas. It was growing pains, there were a lot of returners, but asking them to step up in a position they hadn't been in before. Kids that were maybe more role players, played more of an impact rotation for us. And so it just looks different.

But I think there's been a lot of growth. And I think the resiliency of our team, after some tough losses that we have had this year have been outstanding for us, and to be in the position we are right now, we are tighter than ever. That's what you want as a coach. You have to get through the peaks and valleys of the first couple of months in the season but in February or March, you feel good about where your team is at and I do. It's a great group. I care a great deal about them. I want to make this last, because it's a special group of seniors.

Q. You said you were sort of familiar with Sara coming into this, and from high school, but what kind of jumps has she made at Drake, and how central has she become to what this team does offensively?
ROBIN PINGETON: First of all, I would say (inaudible) is a tremendous player, and I knew coming out of high school she was, too. So versatile, runs the court and shoots, plays her tail off, can defend, she's just -- she's one of the very, very -- one of the many great players they have on this Drake roster. And then you look at what Jennie has done in her staff with this team. And what she's implemented offensively, it's a really hard guard. In talking to different coaches that played them they say the same thing. High basketball IQ, fundamentally sound, everybody can shoot it. There's reads within that motion, we're familiar with it, we run a motion offense, too, it's a little bit different in the principle, but again the confusion that it can cause at times. And Jennie and her staff has done a great job. So some great players, but you have to give a lot of credit for what Jennie and her coaching staff and the way she's developed them. Not only individually, but how they fit into her system and style.

Q. Are there any lessons that you learned playing for or coaching with her that you still use today?
ROBIN PINGETON: Well, I think, you know, when I go back and people that have really impacted me as a coach, obviously my high school coach, Lisa Bruner, was a huge part of that, Bill Finley, always been a fan of Pat Summit and followed her from a young age. When you spend as much time in those college years you're so moldable. So when I had a chance to be under her and be coached by her for four years and just everything that she -- I think implemented in her system, always been very positive, encouraging. And then to have a chance to work with her, too. Because as a player you know what coaches do, but you have no idea until you're sitting in that conference table with them and you're really diving into the recruiting the xes and o's, and everything, the marking and everything that goes into is that program. So she really opened my eyes to what really coaching is all about. It's so much bigger than the xes and o's, and just the importance of relationships. So, yeah, she's impacted me in so many ways. I can't say one particular thing to jumps out to me right now. But she's certainly had a huge impact on me as a player and certainly as a coach and as a person.


LISA BLUDER: It's really nice to be at home. We're thrilled to be here in Iowa City at the University of Iowa in Carver-Hawkeye Arena. We think it's going to be a great atmosphere for everybody involved. We certainly want to welcome our three competitors to Carver, but we're excited about the opportunity to play Mercer. We know they're a very good basketball team. I mean, I didn't know a lot about them on Monday night, but I know a lot more now.

I'm very impressed with the -- they're very similar to us in that they're a very senior-dominated team. They have five seniors on the team, four in the starting lineup. They've been on 17 straight wins. Went undefeated in their conference play, and it was pretty easy to get my players' attention when we note that they only lost to Florida State by one point, where we lost to Florida State by four points. So this is a very good team that last year really competed well in the NCAA Tournament, so they're no stranger to the tournament, and Susie has done a great job with Mercer's program.

Q. Tania, can you just talk about being here in the tournament after your season ending prematurely the previous two years and all the hard work and dedication it took to be at the podium right now?
TANIA DAVIS: Yeah, well, obviously this is my first NCAA Tournament as an athlete, as playing. So I'm definitely excited just to be here with my fellow seniors and the rest of my teammates. We've worked so hard from last year up until this point. So I've worked hard from last year up until this point just rehabbing and getting myself back right mentally and physically, and just visualizing this day and holding up that trophy in the end.

This moment right now is definitely special to me, and sharing it with some of my best friends has been amazing.

Q. Hannah, you and Megan have really developed that 12-foot shot. Coach said you were shooting like 70 percent in practice. Have you guys ever played H-O-R-S-E against each other? You've got it down.
HANNAH STEWART: Yeah, that's a shot we practice a lot, not only in practice but outside of practice. We know that's a shot we're going to get a lot in games, so that's one that we are really repping, and it's kind of like second nature now.

We've played a couple competitions during practice. Sometimes it gets a little too competitive. But yeah, no H-O-R-S-E games yet. We probably should do that. I'm getting so used to dominating, I wouldn't want to get in her head or anything. (Laughter).

Q. Megan, what really stands out to you about Mercer? What has your attention about them?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, they're a really good team. They've got a really good point guard. They've got an all-around balanced team, and it's impressive to hear that they have a 17-game win streak and they won their conference tournament. I would just say they're overall really well balanced, and their guards are especially really good.

Q. Megan, you and Tania were on the All-Big Ten freshman team, as I recall. You had to stand there and watch her go through what she's gone through the previous two years. What do you admire the most about what she fought her way back on to the floor?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, I think just that, seeing her fight and drive to want to keep getting back out on the court. To go through what she's been through, not a lot of people can come back the way she has. She's just been persevering through anything. Whatever is thrown at her, she keeps having a positive attitude and attacking rehab. It's been really amazing to be able to watch her go through that and to really stand out and to be out there right now.

Q. For any of the players, you've been playing against Big Ten opponents for two months now. Is it good to maybe see something different, experience something different, because Big Ten, you guys know each other so well?
MEGAN GUSTAFSON: Yeah, it's nice to switch it up a little bit. We've been playing Big Ten teams for a while, for four years now. So it's nice to have a team that maybe doesn't know us as well or we don't know them as well. So I think it'll just be a breath of fresh air.

Q. Tania, you've got that one-handed floater down. Have you been practicing that since high school, or is that something you developed? That's not an easy shot.
TANIA DAVIS: Yeah, obviously with my height discrepancy, I've got to find different ways to get the ball into the basket. When I was in high school, it was just understanding that I'm not as tall and not as physical as everyone else, so I'm not going to be able to get to the basket and get an easy lay-up off, like some of the taller guards.

So back when I was in high school or middle school, that was what my AAU coach, we really worked on that floater. I saw a lot of NBA players doing it, like Kyrie, like Chris Paul, Chauncey Billups. I thought it was a good weapon to have in my bag.

Q. Tania, obviously the physical part of coming back is pretty well-known, but can you discuss the mental part of it, playing through a season, and were you ever looking over your shoulder waiting for something bad to happen? And how did you get through that mental barrier to do what you did?
TANIA DAVIS: Well, I would definitely say after the first injury, after the first ACL injury, it was more physical than it was mental, getting used to rehabbing every day, putting that strain on my body every single day and trying to fight through that every single day, but I would say with the second ACL it was definitely more mental. It took a lot more for me to get up out to bed in the morning and to go to rehab and look forward to rehab and doing rehab every single day, when I just went through the same thing not too long ago.

My teammates, my best friends, my coaches, my family, they were definitely huge for me, but the mental aspect of just trying to get up every single day and rehab for something that you don't even know if it's going to continue to be there for you in the end, that was just definitely hard for me.

Q. Tania, Mercer is a team that I think is fifth in the country, fewest turnovers, 11 a game. Tell me a little bit about their guard play and it just appears to be a team that doesn't make very many mistakes.
TANIA DAVIS: Yeah, they're very disciplined, very talented. Takes what the defense gives them. They're going to be very patient on the offensive end. They're not going to rush or get in a hurry-up situation. That's not what they're used to. That's not what their coaches want. They're very disciplined on the offensive end, so we just have to play very solid defense, play our principles, and try our best to just get in their heads. If that doesn't work, if they miss or if they make a shot, just get out and run our transition.

Q. Hannah, does anything change for you or your team because you're playing at home but this is the NCAA Tournament?
HANNAH STEWART: Yeah, well, I mean, obviously Carver looks a little different. It's not really our gym anymore. There's NCAA logos everywhere. But it's also cool because it is still our gym, and you know, this is where we play. Some of us were joking around getting a little defensive, like what, we can't go on our court? This is our court, that's not fair.

But no, it's awesome, and I think routine-wise as far as game day tomorrow, it'll stay pretty much the same, which is nice, because we all have a routine that we do for game days, and I'll still be able to braid Megan's hair in the same spot, which is a big deal. But yeah, we're really proud to be at home and excited to play in front of a lot of our fans.

Q. Coach, your three guards, over 130 assists. Hannah has got 70, I think Megan has got 50. Is this one of your better passing teams? You led the nation in assists per game there for a while. That's got to be one of your favorite stats, isn't it?
LISA BLUDER: It absolutely is. It's something that we get excited about every single day is how many assists we have. I believe we have some of the best post-passing guards in America. Megan and Hannah, again, they look for each other, and when people double Megan, she makes them pay.

So it's pretty exciting how well they share the ball. It's just a fun style, and it just shows team chemistry, and we all embrace that.

Q. You've got a small coaching tree at the tournament with Robin and Jennie. What does that mean for you and having to also essentially play one of them in the second round?
LISA BLUDER: Yeah, you know, I guess when you coach long enough and you start running into your former players, that's a good thing. It means that they loved the game and they wanted to continue coaching it. I think it's a terrific thing.

I don't love playing against my former players, obviously, but at the same time, we cheer for each other. I mean, all year long, we cheer for each other. It's just that one time when you play against each other, it makes it awkward.

Q. You guys have already had a great season this year, but there's so much emphasis on the NCAA Tournament. Do you worry about your players putting too much pressure on themselves to try to meet that?
LISA BLUDER: I think coaches worry about everything this time of year. Like what we worry about, is the water cold enough? It's just what you do. It's part of the nature of the beast is that you have to find something to worry about.

I have to trust them, that they have paid the work. They're confident. And when you're confident, it can take away some of those worries for them and the pressure for them.

You know, they want this so badly, and they certainly don't want to let down the fan base here at Iowa. But at the same time, we just want to try to alleviate some of that pressure from them and just go out and play Iowa basketball every day.

Q. How would you describe what was Robin like as a player? What was Jennie like? What are your memories of them as players for you?
LISA BLUDER: Ironically they're both pretty tenacious. They're both very, very similar. They were both power forwards. They both were incredibly competitive. They both were terrific rebounders. They played very similar to each other, and it's going to be an interesting game tomorrow.

Q. When you look at Tania's career path, I know as a coach you admire that she fought her way back, not once but twice. How rewarding is it for you to see her in this moment getting to play in the NCAA Tournament?
LISA BLUDER: It is absolutely rewarding. I think you can tell the emotion in her voice about her being here. This is what she came here to do. You know, Tania is a basketball player, and you think, yeah, they're all basketball players. No, Tania is a basketball player. She would not be at Iowa if it wasn't for basketball. She loves the game. She came here to play. She came here to compete at a high level, and now it's happening her senior year. Does it make it even more special because she's been denied the last two years? Yeah, I think it does make it more special for her. And honestly, when she first came back this year and was going in practice, I mean, there were several times us coaches, we're choking up because we're seeing this kid out there playing again, and it's been very special.

Q. One of my favorite snapshots of your team is that second game against Indiana, towards the end you had the game pretty much in hand. All five of your starters walking down the court hand in hand. You've talked about the chemistry of this team. That's just got to go a long ways in some of the victories.
LISA BLUDER: Yeah, they call it the victory formation. It's pretty cool. It just happened naturally. It's not something they planned. It's not something that they figured they were going to do. It just happened. It happened earlier in the year. It actually started quite a while ago, and when the games give themselves an opportunity to have that relief of kind of walking down the floor together to that free-throw line, it's beautiful to watch.

Q. Earlier today you were named one of the four finalists for the Naismith coaching award. What's that mean to you?
LISA BLUDER: You know, any time you get a coaching award or a recognition of any kind, it's all reflective of the great team that you've had, right? And then obviously -- what I'm happy about is for my staff because those guys work so hard, and any time you get any recognition as a head coach, it's reflective of not only your team but your entire staff, your administration, your university. It's a whole package deal, and that's what makes me happy about it.

Q. Have you ever had a player handle the physicality of play the way teams guard a player, like Megan Gustafson has handled that?
LISA BLUDER: No, never. There's never been anybody that's -- that I've coached that has had to take what she's had to take as far as the physical play. There's nobody that's handled it so beautifully. There's nobody that's handled it with such composure. I don't know how she does it, honestly.

But no, there's nobody that I've ever coached that's played like her.

Q. What impresses you most about Mercer? What concerns you most about Mercer?
LISA BLUDER: You know, they stay within their lane as far as they know what they're good at and they just do it. They don't try to do things outside of themselves. They know what they're good at. They play hard. They compete. I mean, every game you look at it, you win 17 straight games, you're feeling pretty good about yourself coming into this tournament, and especially since they know they played well in last year's NCAA Tournament.

They challenge themselves in the non-conference and played some really good schools. So what scares me is you've got a guard like Calloway who is definitely a BCS point guard. She is a very, very good point guard, and Rosendal, who is an excellent three-point shooter. Titus is an amazing athlete, long at 6'1", can pull up, has a great mid-range game but long arms. Thompson I think is the heart and soul of this team. I think that she is just a blue-collar kid that will will herself to get rebounds and will will herself to get points, and then you've got a really nice post player, as well.

So this is a team that has all aspects and they have experience, and a very good coach, too. Susie has been around a long time.



Q. Sara, what was your reaction, being from Missouri, getting to play Mizzou?
SARA RHINE: I'm really excited. I was really excited for any team to pop up. But it was fun having that connection, that being my home state and getting to play a team that's from there.

Q. Becca, and for anybody from that matter, when you saw your name come up, what -- you see Iowa City, so you know you're close, then you see a 10, for one thing, are you excited to be close to home and also do you feel you're under seeded?
BECCA HITTNER: I'm super excited to be close to home. It's going to be awesome for our fans to come to the game. Just super exciting to have blue around. We're just excited for this tournament, regardless of the seed. We're just ready to give it our all and really compete tomorrow.

Q. Sara, two straight seasons now, your NCAA, your first opponent is an SEC opponent, what did you take away from Texas A&M last year?
SARA RHINE: Just looking that we do have to focus on who we are and what we bring, and being very confident in the strengths that we do have. And knowing, I don't know what we have is a little different from what the people have seen and taking pride in that I think is the biggest thing, the biggest take away.

Q. Sara, what's your guys game plan when this comes to Sophie RHINE and stopping her?
SARA RHINE: She's a good player, we have to know where she is at on the floor. But going back to my last comment, we really are focusing on what we need to do on both ends, both defensively and offensively, in order to be our best.

Q. Coach, Sara led the conference in shooting her freshman year, so you're obviously getting a polished player. But how has she improved with her time at Drake?
JENNIE BARANCZYK: Sara is a special player, you just listen to her talk, she's so genuine, she's an incredible person, incredible leader for our team. But I do think she's really expanded her game. I think she came in as a freshman and just did what she could do as a freshman and every year she's added a different element. Obviously she's always been able to run the floor, she can catch pretty much everything. Her defense is better, her rebounding is better, she's gotten a lot stronger. I love the way that she positions well, and she's obviously extended her range. So I think she's really a complete player.

And this year I think she's even added passing to her game, as well. And so she really just fits who we are and she really has just expanded her own self. And I think that's what's really neat.

Q. Have you gotten a chance to reflect on kind of the coaching ties that are here with Lisa and Robin?
JENNIE BARANCZYK: I'm very well aware that Lisa coached me. And I've known Robin for a really long time and obviously we play Iowa every single year. But we aren't even looking to playing Iowa, we are really focusing on Missouri.

And obviously Robin has done an incredible job, and I have all the respect in the world. She came from Illinois State and I followed a lot of what she did there. There are a lot of Iowa ties, and I think that's what's pretty cool.

I think the things that's so neat about the State of Iowa is how important women's basketball is. And there are so many fans. And I've talked up Iowa and Iowa State all year long. With Iowa State being able to host, with Iowa being able to host, people will come. Sometimes on the national scene people don't realize what we have here in this state. When you see how many blue people come over to this game, people get to have a view of really how great women's basketball is in the State of Iowa. And you can go to the state tournament in high school. You can go to high school games. You can see any facet. So in terms of ties, I'm really proud of being an Iowa girl. And I'm really proud of the fact that our sport really matters in this state.

Q. Missouri sounded pretty confident in their high advantage down low. They seemed confident in their advantage down low. But they, where do you think you guys can be effective down low with your zone?
JENNIE BARANCZYK: Well, not many people have Gustafson, right, let's be honest, that's why she's player of the year. But they should be confident. We're in the NCAA tournament. We're confident. We're in the NCAA tournament.

So we really need to focus on what we do have than what we don't have. We can go through and I can tell you a million things that I wish we could be better at or don't have, but there are also a lot of things that we are pretty good at we need to make sure that we play the way we want to play and really keep more focus on that. I mean obviously we need to rebuild the basketball, and every single coach would tell you that's a major key to the game. That's something that we've got to be able to do. But I do think that -- I think both teams probably have advantages and so the game always comes down to really who outplays the other team.

Q. Coach, you probably have the person who knows Missouri best in your locker room in Grace Berg. How much have you leaned on her, just in the scout for Missouri?
JENNIE BARANCZYK: You know, that's a really good question. And to be completely honest with you, we're not going to put her in that position. We're not -- she's a great person and that situation is one that is very personal to her. And so we're not going to put her in that position. She's on our team, we're really excited to be able to have her, but that doesn't give us an advantage over another team because of that situation.

Q. When you were recruiting Sara what drew you to her and what drew her to Drake?
JENNIE BARANCZYK: Well, one, Sara is a 4.0 student, so she's very smart. And she's definitely -- she is the definition of a student-athlete. So I think that the academic fit is a no-brainer. She's also -- she's a culture person. She loves what she does. She loves being part of a team. She really builds people up around her. She's got a natural confidence in herself and other people. The culture was a fit. The style of play, we want to be up tempo, we want to be able to run the floor. And she fits that really well. And so when you have those things fit in every facet it's amazing what can happen. And fit, fit creates magic.

Q. Lisa said that you and Robin actually played a pretty similar game?
JENNIE BARANCZYK: So do you think that she thinks that Robin was really good? I'm just asking. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding.

Q. Do you see that in how you coach your teams, that competitiveness, that fierceness?
JENNIE BARANCZYK: Well, I mean I have -- I don't even know how to really answer that question. I know that all of the coaches here are really competitive. I mean that's why we're all here, right, is because we loved playing. We loved the form of competition, whatever that looks like. So I don't really know how to exactly answer that question. I know -- I have a lot of respect for Robin, I knew her more as a coach than a player. But I do know Lisa is one of the most competitive people I know, too, and I'm in coaching because I got to play for her. And those are things that -- that's probably the best way I can answer that. I don't have another way really to give you a better answer.

Q. Your AD put out a Tweet earlier this week, a lot of teams that have similar RPIs, similar records against top 40 or 50 or hundred or something like that are all five and six seeds. Do you take the ten seed a little bit personal?
JENNIE BARANCZYK: That's a good question, and one that I probably continue to get asked. And honestly do you like being a ten seed when we've scheduled the way that we have in the nonconference? No. Do I like having an at-large bid? Yes. Do I like where we get to play in terms of having our fans be able to come? Yes. But I'm not in the business right now to fight what the seed is. We're in the business right now to be able to show up and give everything that we have. And that's the only focus that I have right now and we can get in a reflective mode later and that's more Brian's job than it is my job. My job is to prepare our team to play Missouri tomorrow as a ten seed.

Q. Obviously right off the jump, getting those two assists, getting those baskets really kind of helped jump start you all. Was that something you kind of took upon yourself or just something -- I know you had to start off at a fast pace but for you personally, did you feel like you had to take it upon yourself to really get the team going?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, I mean, I just tried to make the right reads. Make the right play, as well. They were throwing like three guards at me, three players at me. I was just trying to make the right read and make the right pass.

My teammates were getting open, making great cuts, and finishing the ball, as well.

Q. Describe your emotions when you took that victory lap, and when you left the arena for the last time.
ASIA DURR: It was great. You know, playing here for four years with such great fans, great people who follow you everywhere, literally, everywhere. I can't really put it into words because it's a feeling that you'll never forget, and years down the line, you talk to your kids, your grandkids, your friends about these four years, and I mean, it was just so much fun playing here, playing in front of the best fans in the country.

We take tried in that and we are very thankful. We never take that for granted, but just so thankful for it.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, AC and Asia left me.

ASIA DURR: We don't know where you went.

SAM FUEHRING: On that first victory last, they left. I had to come back out. It was kind of embarrassing, but I enjoyed it. And the fans, they clapped for me all over again.

ASIA DURR: They are awesome.

SAM FUEHRING: It was exciting. Yeah, we had a really, really big crowd. Even when we were doing the instructions, I was like, this crowd is roaring. I feel like it's not like this anywhere else, and I'm so appreciative.

Q. Jaz, you've had the last couple years to play with these two and Arica up here. Just some of the accolades, thoughts, words about playing with two exceptional athletes like this.
JAZMINE JONES: I love my teammates, and these two, and AC, I'm going to miss so much. Just playing with them, having to be with them every single day, they are all great individually, and they are even better people off the court.

I don't want to take that for granted and I'm going to miss these young ladies so much. Next year is going to be really hard without them, especially Sam and Asia, and AC, I look at her as our team leader. She's a big part of this team. And then trying to fill that void next year is going to be hard for us, but we can do it. I just want to say thank you guys for everything. Appreciate it.

ASIA DURR: You trying to make us cry?

Q. I guess for all three of you. Looked like you came out with a ton of energy. Was that something that you talked about pregame? Was there anything that triggered that?
THE MODERATOR: Asia, Sam then Jaz, please.

ASIA DURR: During this time of the year, a coach should never have to tell you that. It's either win-or-go-home. So we take pride in that. We want to win.

That was a great team, so we knew we were going to have our hands full. We knew that we were going to have to play hard for the whole game. So we were just trying to have fun, too. Focus all-in and just play hard.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, to add on to what Asia said, we're trying to throw the first punch every game. We don't want to start out flat because that pretty much determines the rest of the game.

But yeah, today, honestly -- I don't know about you guys -- but I feel like it was the crowd giving us energy. So that helped to boost us even more.

JAZMINE JONES: Yeah, I think everybody came out focused. It started like when the ball tipped, we started off to a great pace and then our defense was tremendous. We played like we're the best team in the ACC on defense this game, and we picked it up.

Coach been getting on us the last couple days, knew that they are a great rebounding team, so it all started with boxing out. We didn't let them get offensive boards in the first couple possessions, so that determined the tempo of the game, as well.

Yeah, I think everybody was just focused this game, because we knew it was our last game here, and we wanted to do great for these seniors.

Q. Sam, when you go back to the scouting report about Michigan and their size, what did you see on film or with that scouting report that you felt like you all really -- did you feel like you really had to push the pace to beat that size advantage that they seemed to have?
SAM FUEHRING: I feel like we're always trying to play our own game, whether that be our transition game, just playing fast. I don't think we really worry about the opponents. We always try to play our own game. But yeah, definitely worked today against them. They are a great team, though. Yeah, I mean, we're trying to play our own game all the time.

Q. Can you talk about what the message to the team was in terms of dealing with their press?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Yes, our goal is to attack the score. When we went back and watched the Kansas State film, they attacked it at times but they looked to pull it back out to set up an offense.

I told our kids, we don't want to do that. Our goal, if they press, try to get as quick and easy looks as we can. When you've got that type of tempo and mentality, sure, you might turn the ball over a few times, but you're going to get easier looks, and possibly deflating baskets.

When you're pressing and all of a sudden you give up a layup, it's one of those, you hang your head on. There was one possession where we took a quick shot, it was a good shot we missed it, get the offensive rebound, great pass back out to Asia and she hits a three.

I thought our whole mindset has been all year, if someone tries to press us, to attack the score.

Q. Hopefully four more games to go, but some of your thoughts and memories of the three seniors here?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Yeah, it's remarkable to think as a staff what we've been able to do with those three bad players. To turn them into the players they are, it's pretty amazing (laughing).

As Jaz says, they are really, really good players, but they are even better people. That's I think what we strive to do here at Louisville is to win games, of course. You know, that's really important, but to also have great young women when they leave here.

And I'm excited for all three of them, because I truly believe all three are going to be successful no matter what they do. If they want to continue on playing basketball at a professional level, I think all three will have the opportunity somewhere.

And if they are ready to get out into the real world, you know, I think they will do extremely well there. I tell them all the time, play basketball as long as you can because that 8:00 to 5:00 job, it's not much fun.

So if they can do it for five, ten, 12 years, go ahead and do it. But it's been a joy for me. It's been fun and I've said it before, Arica and Sam are exactly -- what's not happening any more in my opinion in college athletics, not just women's basketball.

It's two young women who came in here as freshmen, did not play a whole bunch, played a little bit more their sophomore year and then sat down with them and said, hey, if you want to play more, you've got to get back in this gym. You've got to work harder. And then they take that to heart, the summer of their sophomore year, all of a sudden they are making an impact on our team as juniors, we go to a Final Four and now they are right back in the middle of it and we are going to a Sweet 16. And anymore, if you don't get instant gratification, you're looking to leave.

You know I always tell them, the grass is greener on the other side because it's fertilized with manure, but I don't use that word. I make sure they all know, because it's the truth.

It's fun to see these two young ladies who are putting in their time and looking at the rewards they are getting back. You know, it's a process and they have done it.

You know, Asia came in with a lot of hype, and I think she backed it all up but what's the most impressive thing about Asia, I think her teammates will tell you, as good of a basketball player she is, she's an even better person. I challenged her, her freshman year, she would always ask, "Am I shooting too much?"

I said, "I'll tell you, when to stop shooting," and I never quite told her.

That's the one thing the teammates love about her. I remember the N.C. State game, she scores 47 and the first thing she said in the press room is her teammates did a great job of setting her screens, finding her when she was open. And that's just not the norm anymore.

So really impressed with all three of them. We're going to miss all three of them, but the good thing for us is we've got a another ballgame to play and we'll get back to work and get prepared and see who we are going to play next week.

Q. You talked about the rebounding, out-rebounding. Did you sense that the team was locked in and focused and ready to go leading up to this game; that they were taking on the challenge?
COACH JEFF WALZ: We had one day of prep, so we had just talked about it, if you want to keep playing, this is what you're going to have to do.

And I've got to give them credit. I thought Kylee came out and really set the tone early, which is something she hasn't done in the past, but she held her ground. Made their post post-up higher up off the block, and made it more difficult to score. Where in the past, she sometimes will let you get too low and all of a sudden, it's a drop-step layup and then she did a great job of boxing out. Then.

Everybody started to get into the mix because we had talked to the guards, you've got to rebound the basketball, because Hillmon, the one thing we told our kids, whoever is guarding her, I don't care if you get a rebound; she can't. And even with that emphasis on it, she still comes off with five offensive boards. So our guards are going to have to do a really good job of coming in and cleaning things up.

Q. Kind of answered my question, but I'll ask a different one. With Kylee, ten boards today, moving forward, looking at those teams down the line, what next level can you all reach if she sets that tone and if she plays that big like she played today?
COACH JEFF WALZ: It's one game at a time. That's the one thing about this right now is whoever we're going to face next weekend is our only concern.

You know, I told them, "my bads" aren't cutting it right now. "My bads" are what get you sent home. I was really excited because I think I only heard one my bad from her and I'm used to hearing about ten. So she put her mind to it and really went out there and did well.

I told her in the locker room after the game, I told her, "I've got good news and bad news, which one you want first?"

She's like, "Well, I prefer the good."

I said, "You were fantastic today. You've played as well as I've ever seen you play."

She said, "So what's the bad?"

"The bad is I'm going to expect that. So now you've shown me what you can do, so unfortunately for you, you have to keep doing it," and she got a good laugh out of it. But it's true. She has really developed over her three years here. She came from being an outside three-point shooter, which is all she did in high school, to where she's finishing at the block and being more physical. I'm really proud of her.

Before I finish up, I'd like to thank Nora Lynn. Nora Lynn, thank you. I just really appreciate what you've done for women's basketball for the ACC. You've been remarkable, we are going to miss you. I know you can't say it but there's no doubt I'm your favorite coach, so I'll say it for you, but thank you for all that you've done, because I don't know where you'll be next weekend, but thank you.



Q. Do you guys feel like the crowd affected the way that the offense is run?
HALLIE THOME: I thought the crowd was outstanding. Definitely a fun place to play in. We played here last year. Knew what we are with coming into. We practiced yesterday with a speaker and a lot of loud noises. So yeah, the crowd sometimes can feel a little shaken up. But I thought we did a great job on handling it.

AKIENREH JOHNSON: I think it personally affected me because we couldn't really hear, like our defensive switch-up switches or offensive plays or things like that. But that's why we practice in practice echoing, so if one person hears something, then everyone else hears, so you echo it so we can get it through.

Yeah, it was difficult but it was nothing we couldn't handle. We worked through it all year long for moments like this. I think we were pretty well prepared after we got our nervousness out the first couple minutes of the game.

Q. 19-4, did you feel they were trying to speed you up? Do you think that's what they did to you then, but for most of the game?
HALLIE THOME: For sure, I think definitely a big stat was in the beginning, the first half, we had 17 turnovers. So kind of came out and pushed us into doing things we didn't want to do and turned the ball over, but I think we did a great job the second half coming out and handling that. Second half we only had five turnovers total.

That just stands for a lot, I think we got our confidence and knew what we were going against, but I think in the beginning they definitely did speed us up.

AKIENREH JOHNSON: Yeah I most definitely think they sped up a lot. That was their game plan. That's their game plan against most teams plays that -- they like to take away the point guard. Most teams take away the point guard, it messes up everything's offense, so I don't think they did anything different against us.

I think they played their normal game, but they definitely brought a lot of intensity the first couple minutes of the game but we most definitely started to adjust to the pressure.

Q. With that being your final game for Michigan, what are you most proud of over the course of your career?
HALLIE THOME: I was waiting for that question, so I'm prepared.

I think just the group of girls I got to finish it with. I think a lot of us doubted us this year with losing Katelynn Flaherty, a person who scores so much. But we proved so many people wrong.

I think what I'm most excited about is to see this program continue to go on the rise once I leave. I was just talking with Sara, I'm in a lot of -- No. 2 for scoring, rebounding blocks. But the best part is I know Naz Hillmon is going to break all those and I'm waiting for her to break all those.

I definitely want have traded it for the world to have gone through Michigan and had my time here, but I'm excited to see them only get better and continue to break the record.

Q. Talk about the 17 turnovers, the max that y'all had all year was 25 and you had 17 at halftime. Obviously it was not the way you wanted to start.
HALLIE THOME: Yeah, that's obviously not how we wanted to start, but I think -- all year we've had turnovers, but we've always found a way and we've always stuck together, and I think that really shows the Michigan team that we are.

All that matters this year is that we stuck together and when you're having turnovers, instead of getting annoyed and mad at each other, stick together and then you end up winning out games.

I think an important stat, although the NCAA pointed it out and we were annoyed with it: We average 16 every game, so it's not anything we're not used to. So having turnovers sucks, but I think that's a credit to our team for being able to stick together and win important games.

AKIENREH JOHNSON: From a guard's perspective we talk about we get a lot of our turnovers from trying to force passes, but the forced passes that we make, we see those.

So I think in practice, we try to practice making those passes like over-the-top lob passes or dump-down passes or trying to get their person to pass before their defender comes up.

So yes, we have a lot of turnovers but we also have a lot of assists with those turnovers. And we just do that because we are trying to find our teammates the best look, and sometimes we try maybe one pass too many, and I think that's one thing that we're going to really improve on for next year.

Q. For AK, you came off the bench about five minutes left. You were down 19-4. You finished the first quarter down 19-11. How do you think the team was able to respond to that run in such a hostile environment?
AKIENREH JOHNSON: We already talked about our ability to come off the bench and make an impact. A lot of times, we sit on the bench and if something isn't really going our way, we talk like, okay, we're going to turn this around; or okay, we are in the going to lose momentum, and we have doing that the whole year.

So all we do is talk about coming in doing our press, our 12 defense and getting stops, getting rebounds, getting deflections and the offense will come later. So I think that's one thing we really improved on and a lot of teams, even this team, struggled with a little bit was getting through our press. I think that's one of our strengths is our press and our defense for people that come off the bench.

Q. What some of the things you'll use from this one to get yourself ready for next year?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, definitely. You know, we talked to our team in the locker room, and especially on the women's side of things, your seed is really important and we finished the year really strong and now we know how important it is to get a higher seed so you're not playing a 1, it's really tough to matchup against Louisville at Louisville early in the tournament.

We know from their press, they speed us up. We have a freshman point guard and we have a sophomore 2-guard, so those guys were handling most of that, and they are going to improve on that. And I'm sure that they are going to try to watch that film and learn from that experience so they are never in that position again.

Q. You talked about how you scheduled difficult road games deliberately to try to help your team grow. How do you think this team is going to help some of your younger players grow down the line?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, just what we talked about, the things that we need to get better at, we need to be able to handle that pressure and handle that environment from the start. I think we settled in and we handled it as the game progressed.

But you can't put yourself in a 19-4 hole against a No. 1 seed and try to climb back from that. We had cut it to six, but it's not easy to climb back from that deficit. So definitely a learning experience.

I mean, we are losing some outstanding, outstanding seniors, outstanding leadership. But our freshman, sophomores and juniors really contribute and made an impact all season long. So we are excited about what the future of Michigan women's basketball holds for sure.

Q. Obviously you had known about Asia Durr coming in, but what about her performance today impressed you from an opponent perspective?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I don't think we did a good job on her initially, and she was able to get going, and when -- any time, you know, a great player, any player, gets going early, you know you're in trouble because once you get some open looks and you get them to fall, holy cow and I think that happened with her.

The bummer for us is they weren't off of initial offense. She got her first couple threes off of offensive rebounds, and we were running to get a rebound and they found her. I think they do a tremendous job of finding her and shared basketball really well.

She's a heck of a player. I mean, she's an All-American. But she also is the kind of kid that let's the game come to her. She doesn't press too much but her team did a great job of finding her and she's just an outstanding player and did a tremendous job for them tonight.

Q. In regard to the first half turnovers, how many of them did you think Louisville was responsible for, and how many do you think you made some mistakes that were unfortunate and uncharacteristic?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: It was definitely a combo. We knew they were going to speed us up, but we practice against that every day. I just think we got -- and when you're a young kid and you make a couple mistakes, you have a tendency, it's kind of like a young kid that makes their first two shots. They usually make three, four, five. If you make a couple mistakes early, usually make three, four, five.

So it was just trying to settle down and get us to relax and just play confidently, but you know, we talk about Amy Dilk. She's a freshman. This is her first time in this kind of environment and they have great defenders and some really, really quick kids. The same with Deja Church, first time in this environment.

So handle the ball; they took the ball out of Amy's hands early, and that made us have to have somebody else handle the ball that is not accustomed to doing it the entire game.

So it was a combination, and I think when we got shook and rattled, it took us a few minutes to get out of that.

Q. Heading into next season with a lot of young players, what are you most excited about?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I mean, I might have said this in the last couple days in the press conference. We've just finished practice number 103, and at most times when you're at practice 103, the horn ends to end practice and the kids go scurry on their way and can't wait to get out of the gym, or the coaches go home and can't wait to get home.

And this is probably one of the first teams in my career that I have to throw them out of the gym after practice 103, because they want to continue getting shots up or they want to continue working or they want to get better.

So they are hungry. They are hungry. They are driven. They are Michigan kids. They want to be the best that they can be in the classroom, on the basketball court. As a coach, there's nothing more you can ask for, and that's exciting to be around every day. They are energy givers.

When you have a freshman point guard like Amy Dilk coming back and you have a freshman post player like Naz Hillmon coming back and they have the kind of freshmen seasons that they did, that's reason to get excited. I mean, Kayla Robbins, Akienreh Johnson, two juniors on our team that you guys had a chance to see tonight, the sky's the limit for them. Hailey Brown, a Canadian kid who can absolutely shoot the basketball.

I mean, we have a lot of great pieces coming back and our kids know that they are hungry to take those next steps in the NCAA Tournament.

Thank you, guys.

Q. I know you have some experience coaching Naz Hillmon. Can you talk about what's impressed you about her game this season and going back to last summer?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Sure. Naz is a tireless worker. That's always what's impressed me back when we watched her in high school. She's not the tallest player, but she's got a huge heart. Her motor never stops, and that's what impresses me. When she's on the floor, she gives it 100 percent every second she's out there.

You just look at what she's done this year, I mean, a remarkable freshman year. Her efficiency, once she's in the game -- she's playing 22, 23 minutes in the game scoring about 12, 13 points. When she's out there, she's getting things done. She does not waste any movement or any effort, so it's really impressive. I'm not surprised. She's a great kid, great family, so you know, she has had a wonderful freshman year. I just hope tomorrow is not a very good game for her.

Q. I guess two questions. One, how soon were you back in the arena after that game, and, in fact, how close, where were you for those that don't know, for to you get back and scout?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Well, I was just right across the street at the restaurant, Sidebar. You know, went over there, got a bite to eat. Watched the game with some friends. In some ways, I told my staff, it was actually -- I enjoyed it in some ways because of the fact what you're out there coaching, you're always trying to prepare for next play.

When you call something and you're waiting to see if you execute, you don't always watch your team. You're watching the opposing team to see how they are guarding things, so you know, hey, if we run it again this might be adjustment we have to make.

So you don't always get a chance to watch your game as it's going on when you're there because you're always preparing for the next thing to happen, the next call to make. And yesterday, I was actually able to sit there and just watched it and took some notes and really saw some things that if I was an opposing coach, this is how I would try to attack us and this is what I would try and do to stop us.

After the ballgame, Lauren Rust, our sports supervisor here that's covering us today, you know, she escorted me back in because you have to go sit in a certain spot and all that good stuff. We got here for with about 25 minutes on the clock for tip and I just watched the second game.

Q. How much more whole do you all feel you're going to be tomorrow with you back on the sideline and Arica, is she pretty good to go?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Arica practiced today. She looked great. I think if you ask my staff, they would tell me to go back to the Sidebar for tomorrow's game. I mean, Steph's 1-0 and she just doesn't understand why this stuff is very hard, you know, (laughter) so I'm not sure they want me there, and I'm not even going to ask the players because I'm afraid I know what the answer there will be.

I mean, that's the one thing, when you have someone that's been on your staff for 12 years, it's the same thing. You know, we think the same. We speak the same. My delivery just might be a little different. But what we are trying to get our kids to do is the same.

So there was not a disruption of any type for our players and for our program because we're fortunate enough to have a continuity within it that it doesn't matter if I was there or not; they knew what was expected of them. For the most part, I was really impressed with how they played.

Q. One of the things you've been harping on this whole year is your team's interior defense. Going up against Michigan and their length, how do you plan to combat that?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Well, it's going to be difficult. They have tremendous interior play, but then -- but then they have got guards that can score, too. They are well rounded. They aren't just one player. I'm really impressed with their depth. I think everybody on the team knows their role, and then you take pride in doing it.

We're going to have to do multiple things. It's not going to be one, which it's been like that all year. We're not always the biggest in the post, so we have to mix some things up, throw some different looks at kids, and then make sure we are on point with knowing scouting report.

Q. One follow-up question about Sidebar. How was the milkshake?
COACH JEFF WALZ: The milkshake was fantastic. It's their special, the mint chocolate chip, right now. I highly recommend it. It's not low-cal, though, I will say that.

Q. Obviously you played Michigan last year. You watched them yesterday in person. How different are they from the team that you saw last year in the preseason WNIT?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Well, Naz brings a completely different look just with what she brings off the bench. You know, they are pressing more than they did last year. They played a lot of zone when we played them here in the preseason NIT. Playing majority man right now, but will mix it up at times.

So some of the personnel is the same but the players have gotten better. You know, it's the same thing with our kids. You give them a year to work on their game and off-season to focus, and all of a sudden you start seeing improvement.

I'm not taking anything from last year's game, at all. We were down five at the half, and then held them I think to ten or 12 points in the entire second half. So we need to have that type of a defensive effort for four quarters, but I'm not expecting, you know, us to hold them to 12 points at the half tomorrow.

Q. Back in the day at U of L, Scotty Davenport was the coach that made sure the players were in the class at the right times, was the disciplinarian. Was Scotty there to make sure you got to the right place?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Scotty is a good friend of mine. I watch his games and he comes and watches our. He just asked me what I was doing for the ballgame and I told him I was going across the street to watch it, and he said, "I'll meet you there."

It was good, because we shared some basketball ideas. Talked ball. It's the one great thing about it: Basketball is basketball. It truly does not matter if you coach on the men's side, the women's side. It's basketball. So you can share ideas and go back and forth.

I really enjoyed it that he came over. We just sat here and watched the second game for a little bit before he had to leave.

Q. Sam said she feels like she's a tournament player. She couldn't describe it but last year her numbers went up in the NCAA Tournament and obviously yesterday, effort. What is it about her this time of year?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Well, I hope she understands the urgency. You know, I told them today, we watched -- we talked a little bit about the Tom Izzo press conference and about "my bad." You can't have "my bads" at this time of the year and he's exactly right. "My bads" are what finishes your season.

I really think Sam understands that. She's out there, I thought she was very efficient in the game yesterday, and that's what we're going to need from her tomorrow. She's going to have a tough job with their post players, trying to make sure she keeps them off the glass.

She's by far our best defensive rebounder on the team and we're going to need her to do a great job of defensive rebounding. I mean, I'm sure y'all saw the rebounding advantage in yesterday's game. When you outrebound somebody 50-19, it's not by accident, you know, so I was very impressed by that.

Q. If you do have Arica back, what does that give you as a team? Obviously more depth, but just her leadership?
COACH JEFF WALZ: Well, Arica understands the game at the point guard spot. She's not going to blow by you. I say it all the time, and it's a huge complement to her: She's the ideal 50-and-over men's YMCA league player. She is old school punk fake. Gets you in the air, one, two dribbles. When you watch, it there's nothing that you're going, wow, wow. She just understands the game. She knows how to play, and because of that she brings confidence to our team.

She's also a 40 percent three-point shooter. All of a sudden when I'm able to put Dana on the floor, AC on the floor and Asia on the floor, all three of those kids are shooting close to 40 percent from the three-point line, it gives Sam a lot more room, Bionca room to work, and it givers those three, when they drive, more space, because it's hard to collapse in.

She practiced today and looked really good, so I was really happy for her. We will not put her on the floor unless she's 100 percent confident that she feels good, and that's all that's going to be said.

I've told her, she has complete control over if she plays tomorrow. If the doctor says she can -- it doesn't matter. If she's not 100 percent confident, I will not put her on the floor. But she practiced well today and seems excited, so we'll see how she feels tomorrow.

Q. Did you see the starting lineup with Mykasa and Kylee? Did you have any say in that, and thoughts afterwards?
COACH JEFF WALZ: No, we had talked about it. You know, I put Mykasa in the game. I started her just for the fact, that's what I should have done in the ACC finals, just because of the fact, Dana brings so much to our team coming off the bench. She changes our tempo. She's a scorer. She can shoot the ball. She can create for others.

When I started her in the ACC Championship game, well, then I don't have that coming off the bench, and as a coach, it's nice to have someone that can give you a scoring punch if needed.

So that's one of those things when we found out about a half hour before the tip of our Conference Championship game that AC wasn't going to play, it was just, okay, just throw Dana out there.

Since I've had time to think about it, I thought that was going to be the best way to go, and then Bionca and Kylee, we're just trying to switch some things up.

They are all going to play. I keep telling them -- everybody wants to be a starter because they get to do some crazy handshake. They go out there, do all this stuff, jump up and down. I go -- at the end of the day I always ask them: Do you want to start or be in the game at the end? That's the game you should ask yourself. And you know, they all say, "I'd rather be in the game at the end."

So you've got to have mature players, though, that can accept that. That's what I think has helped us get to where we are as a program is the fact that we have players that they are okay doing their job no matter what their job is.

Q. You continue to get kind of the short end of the stick on game times. The noon yesterday on a Friday, what did you think? I know you weren't here, and then unfortunately another noon tip tomorrow. What do you expect from the fans?
COACH JEFF WALZ: I thought the crowd was great, what I could see from the TV. I thought being a noon tip on a Friday, I was really, really pleased.

And then tomorrow, it's a noon tip again. If you can skip communion at the end and come on over, it would be great. Because that's the hard part, we do have a lot of fans that are going to church on Sundays.

We talk about it at our house. It's so hard for us to be able to go to church on Sundays because we play, and if it's two o'clock game, it's right in the middle of getting prepared to play, and you know, we have no control over the game time, we have none. But it is frustrating some because I know if it was a two o'clock tip, we'd probably have 8,000 in here and I think it looks good on TV.

I think it's important when people turn on the TV and all of a sudden you see a women's basketball game with 8,000 people, you're like, hey, let's keep it on. It's the casual viewer that I always talk about that we're trying to catch in women's basketball, somebody that might not be, per se, a women's basketball fan, but they have never really taken the time to really watch it.

It's just like our fan base here. We've gone from about 2,500 12 years ago to close to 10,000, and part of that is because we've really worked hard on getting people who have never really been to women's basketball games to come out and when they do, they are shocked. Some of them are like, I can't believe how talented these young women are, and then I tell them, that's kind of the way it's been for the past 20 years. You've just missed out.

So it's one of those, I have no doubt that we'll have a great crowd tomorrow and I'm just hoping it doesn't have much of an impact on what it could be.


Q. For any of you. Can you guys just talk a little about like the difficulties of the quick turnaround? Obviously a big win yesterday and now you have to face Louisville tomorrow.
THE MODERATOR: Nicole, Naz and then Amy.

NICOLE MUNGER: I think the good part about it is we were well-prepared. Over Thanksgiving, we got to go to Florida and had the opportunity to back-to-back-to-back games which really prepared us, and then just last week we had the Big Ten Tournament at Indianapolis where we played back-to-back.

So I think our team is really used to the quick turnarounds, but kudos to our coaches who do really, really thorough scouts who got us information after last game so that we can study them last night and then heading into today's practice ready to go.

NAZ HILLMON: It is a tough turnaround playing against any team, but like Nicole said just a little while ago we had prepared for this all year, going to Florida and even the games after that it was a quick turnaround and the Big Ten Tournament and prepared us for that.

So I feel like throughout the year, coaches have definitely acted and getting us to be able to just turn around and play the next game.

AMY DILK: Yeah, just to add to them, too. With the quick turnaround it's as much mental as it is physical so just focusing on scout and film and times when preparing for each team is really important and we've done a great job of buying into that.

Q. How does it feel to be in an underdog role heading into tomorrow's game?
NICOLE MUNGER: I love it. Eagles won the Super Bowl Last last year. I'm a big Eagles fan. Hungry dogs run faster.

So I'm just really happy that we're in this position. We have a chance to wear the Cinderella shoe. We can be Bracket Busters. It's a lot of fun.

NAZ HILLMON: Like Munger just said, there's a lot of excitement going into that but it's something that we're used to. There's been a lot of times, just counting us out but we've been showing up and we're just going to keep our heads on straight and focus on Michigan basketball on this next game.

AMY DILK: I agree with both of them. Nothing is going to change with our way of play. We've been playing the same all year, so we're going to continue to do that.

Q. After such an easy game yesterday, how much tougher does it get against Louisville and I guess for the veterans, what do you remember about the last time you faced them?
NICOLE MUNGER: Well, I wouldn't say there's anything easy about yesterday's game. NCAA Tournament and everybody here has proven that they belong here, so it was nice to get out there and get a win, especially because we played really, really well, 1 through 14. 1 through 14 got to step on the court which really special.

I am a veteran and from last year, I just remember that we were up five at half, that we were hanging with them and we know that we can play with them. They are definitely a very, very, very talented team but we are right there with talent, too. Excited to get the opportunity again.

NAZ HILLMON: Just piggybacking off that, by no means yesterday's game was easy. We just bought into our game plan and really focused and worked on it.

But I mean, this is the NCAA Tournament and nothing is going to come easy and we're excited to be in this position. To be able to step on the court another day is exciting. I wasn't part of the Louisville game last year, but I remember watching a little bit and seeing the juniors and sophomores talk about it a little bit to us. They definitely wish there was a different outcome last year, but they will definitely keep that in the back of our minds.

Q. Naz, I know you have a little bit of experience playing for Coach Walz, obviously with USA Basketball last summer. Could you just talk a little about that experience and maybe your relationship with him?
NAZ HILLMON: First of all, USA Basketball was a great experience. Definitely helped me a lot moving into the college setting.

Coach Walz is a great coach. Very enthusiastic and he's a great character, and I mean that in the best way possible for sure, but he's very fiery and he doesn't take any games for granted. You can see that in his coaching style over the summer, but I know that he's going to have a game plan and push his girls to the right position. We'll be ready for that.

Q. You guys are obviously going to be playing in front of a crowd tomorrow that's going to be predominately Louisville fans. Is that intimidating you at all?
NICOLE MUNGER: I don't think it's intimidating at all. We've put ourselves in these situations all year long of being in different opposing crowds' venues, and I think it makes it more fun, going in with the underdog mentality and getting something done that's very special.

NAZ HILLMON: Piggybacking off of that, we've been doing that all year. It's exciting having a crowd of people wanting to watch women's basketball. That's exciting. We know how a crowd can affect the game but we're going to try to not worry about that so much and know that we have our Michigan section somewhere in the crowd.

AMY DILK: Yeah, just going off that, I think just minimizing the crowd noise as much as possible and just focusing on what is going on out on the court and listening to our bench, as well.

Q. For Nicole, as a whole, what do you see from Louisville that you really have to stop the most? Is it speed? Is it just the defense? Do you really have to try to beat the pressing defense?
NICOLE MUNGER: Well, first and foremost I think they are really, really fast and they use their speed to their advantage really well. They like to get advantages on the offensive end by drawing two, and once they draw two, they are really good at making the extra pass, finding the shooters or finding their bigs for easy twos.

They also do a really, really good job in transition. Like going back to their speed, when they go in transition, even if they don't make their first shot, since they are going so fast, their rebounder is able to get right on the glass and crash, and that's where they get a lot of their second-chance opportunities.

So I think it's going to be really crucial for us to slow them down, but also to put bodies on them and block them out. And then on the offensive end, if we have the same turnovers as we did yesterday, we are not going to be very successful.

So just taking care of the ball. Just staying within ourselves and just being poised but I think we are ready to do it.

Q. The team really hit its stride in February when you went 7-1. What do you think clicked on that run to help you guys make that final push for the Tournament?
NAZ HILLMON: I think that not to say that we weren't buying in the entire year but in February we really bought in and locked in when we really started to figure out each other and our game plan each and every day. We just really stuck to Michigan Basketball. Of course we focused on our opponent, but we really tried to make sure that we were making ourselves better that month.

I just think, going off things we've said in the past, we just had a lot of fun in that month and we were taking things serious, but taking it one step at a time and just letting the game come to us during that month.

AMY DILK: I agree with everything that Naz said. Also the Big Ten Tournament is super competitive, obviously, so the month of February, I think we found how to close games out as much as like starting the jump on them early as possible.

So I think, yeah, just coming together as a team in the fourth quarter and closing the game out.

Q. You got to the starting point guard role right out of camp and began the year in that position. What have you learned the most about that job, and how do you feel like your first season has gone handling the responsibility of being the distributor for this team, even as a freshman?
AMY DILK: I think over the course of the year, I've learned a lot obviously, mentally and physically, growing as a player.

The main thing is just not to take any possessions off. I've learned more about my team over the course of the year. I think each rep helps, obviously, in practice, whether that's in practice or games, or getting outside work, like shots off with Coach. Just continuing to build as a player mentally and physically has been the biggest thing I've learned.


Q. When you look back on yesterday, what was the biggest take away from that game that you all feel good about going into this one?
ASIA DURR: Our defense was great, especially starting off in the first quarter. I think we held them to four points, I'm not sure for how long, but that was a good stretch where we played great D.

We need to carry that over because they have a great team with great posts and guards. That's going to be a challenge for us, and we have to look forward to that.

SAM FUEHRING: We also tried to box out more because we know that Michigan is going to give us a hard time on the glass.

Q. What stands out most about Michigan when you look at them on film, anything that you guys really need to key in on?
ASIA DURR: I think it's just like how long they are and how hard they play. They play so hard and for the whole game, and also, their posts. They are big and they play hard. They play strong, and when they get two feet in the paint, it's almost like they are going to make it every single time.

So that really stood out to us, how their posts play. There's not too many posts that are that big that can score like that. That's going to be another challenge for us, and we have to be focused for that.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, they work hard and they are very aggressive. They push the ball, and their transition is really good, getting it inside to the post.

Q. Both of you had your send-offs a couple weeks ago. I guess you all stuck around for probably at least 40 minutes after the game with fans. Now that you're coming to your real, final home game, does it kind of sink in, what everything has meant to you being here? Is there any kind of emotion that you might anticipate going into that game?
ASIA DURR: I mean, yeah, somewhat we think about, yeah, this is our last game but we don't want it to be our last game for the whole year.

We'd rather suck that up and play so we can continue to play throughout the whole year. That's our main focus right now. We can't really weep on our last home game here. We have a long journey in front of us, so that's what we're focusing on.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, it's going to be sad, but we're going to put our hearts out on the floor, being that it's our last home game, and I'm pretty sure the fans are going to follow us wherever we go if we do win the next game, so that's what's great about them.

Q. Is there anything that you can look on with the last meeting against Michigan that you can kind of carry over and think, or has it just been so far that both of you have come different directions since then?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, we started off really slow the last time we played them. We didn't play like us. We played down to them; meaning, we chased them around instead of having them chase us.

Yeah, we just really started off slow. We didn't know where the scorers were. We let the ball get inside. We weren't playing hard, as well, so that's another challenge for us that we have to take care of if we want to win.

Q. Sam, anything to add?
SAM FUEHRING: I honestly don't remember.

Q. Your numbers have been good all year. Last year when you got to the NCAA Tournament, your numbers took a boost and then yesterday, your play. Is it just something about the postseason with you or a little extra emphasis?
SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, I don't know. It feels like I'm a tournament player. I don't know why honestly. I just always play well in tournaments. I have no answer for that. Sorry.

Q. For both of you, what has been the difference with Arica out of the lineup, and if you do get her back, what does she bring to this lineup and add to the team?
ASIA DURR: She's a great point guard. She knows the game well. She knows how to make the right reads, especially having that experience and knowledge. That's huge for us, especially her being our point guard. We need a point guard who can lead the team and knows what took place on the floor, and she's great at doing those things.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, she's a leader on the floor, telling people where to go, what to do pretty much, bringing us together in huddles. Dana does similar stuff. Mykasa, too. But AC just has experience and she's watched it, being that she sat out last year.

ASIA DURR: Two years.

SAM FUEHRING: Two years ago, being that she sat out. But yeah, she has experience and knowledge of it the game.

Q. What did Coach Walz say to you when he came back about yesterday's game?
ASIA DURR: Just playing hard for the whole game, tempo. That's just been the biggest two things.

SAM FUEHRING: I probably wasn't even listening to him honestly (laughter).

Q. Even though you tuned him out today, was it at all strange not to hear his voice or his comments during the game yesterday?
SAM FUEHRING: It felt good not to hear him (laughing). Yeah, just to get a different feel for another coach, it was a little weird, but something we overcame.

Q. You guys are obviously going to be a huge underdog tomorrow. What's the feeling like in the locker room right now? How would you describe it?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I think the kids are excited to play. We really challenged ourselves in the non-conference schedule, as well as in our conference, to play against the best opponents and to put ourselves on the road as much as we possibly could.

So you know, earlier in the season, we played Missouri. We played Texas. We played Washington. We played N.C. State, all away from our home court. We played at Marquette. So we really challenged ourselves in our non-conference.

And then in our conference, we had an opportunity to beat Iowa. We beat Rutgers. We played Maryland to a one-point game.

We've tested ourselves against the best teams in the country in hopes for an opportunity like we're going to have tomorrow. And I think our kids, you know, they know they are the underdogs, but they have a belief in themselves and they have a belief in their teammates that they can achieve something that probably 99 percent of the world thinks that they can't.

So they are excited about this opportunity, and I think they just have a lot of enthusiasm and really excited to play tomorrow.

Q. A little different than yesterday's game because this is a team that you played last year on this floor in the preseason WNIT. How much did that help with the preparation and the short turnaround? And also, you know Coach Walz a little bit from time with USA Basketball. So just talk about your relationship with him, if you could.
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, the quick turnaround, I think it definitely helps. I think it gives our kids at least, you know, hey, we've played against them, they are not invincible. We hung around for a period of time. We've got to get better at some things, but they have already seen Asia Durr live. They have seen their team live, and I think that definitely helps.

They are a team loaded with talent and she obviously leads the way. Really a special, special player, but they have a lot of special players in their program.

So we are a little bit familiar. Plus you get the opportunity to see them on TV a lot. We've had the opportunity to watch them a ton.

I've known Jeff for a really long time. Actually we were in the BIG EAST together. So when I was at St. John's, you know, he first got the job here at Louisville and I had already been at St. John's. So we've played against each other for a number, a number of years, and then we had an opportunity to coach together with USA Basketball.

He's one of the best in the business and I think that he's proven that in his time at Louisville. He has done a tremendous job on the recruiting front. He's done a tremendous job raising this program to a consistent national contender year-in and year-out.

He's a really good coach and they are a really good program, and like I said, you know, that's what we're aspiring to be, and we talked about it a lot this week, how to build that and how to get there, and we want our kids to have the opportunity to see tomorrow, okay, this is -- test ourselves against the best, and this is a chance for us to test ourselves against the best, and if we come out on the winning end, okay, that's great, and if we don't, now we know, hey, between tomorrow and next year, these are the things that we need to do to be a better seed and a top seed in the country.

Q. You lost Katelynn Flaherty in the preseason and a lot of people counted you out. What changes have you seen to the way the team's run and been able to succeed without her there?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I mean, Katelynn Flaherty is kind of a once-in-a-lifetime player. She just impacted our program so much. I mean, leading scorer, man or woman, all-time leading scorer, over 2,700 points and I think for the rest of the country, we finished the year strong. We lost to Baylor in the NCAA Tournament, and we didn't receive a ton of national recognition through the course of the season this year.

But I think what spoke volumes to our team was our league really -- our league voted us in the preseason to be one of the top leagues in our league. I think our league had a tremendous amount of respect for the players that were returning in our program, such as Hallie Thome and Nicole Munger and Deja Church and Hailey Brown, because with the loss of Katelynn and Jillian, I'm sure there were many people: How is Michigan going to survive this and where is Michigan going to go at this point.

But the rest of the team really rallied. Our freshman class has made a tremendous impact but I think the players that came back really committed themselves to improving and really wanted to show that you're a program and we are building a program and not just a one-year team; and without Katelynn, we're going to be okay and we're going to be able to still be a really successful team, and we've proven to be able to do that.

Q. One thing that Coach Walz has said about his team this year that he's hammered home that they struggle with their interior defense. With your advantage, do you think that's something you're going to look to exploit?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: I think we definitely need to take advantage of that, and that was kind of a theme of ours yesterday, as well, going into the game yesterday. We have a tremendous post -- tremendous post play and we have four that complement each other so well, and it's such a diverse group.

I think we can hit teams from all different angles. I mean, coming into the year we now Hallie Thome, a 2000-point scorer, just has had -- a three-time first-team all-conference player has had a tremendous career for us.

But Hallie Brown, a kid that plays for the Canadian National team, a kid that's a stretch four can face-up and knock down threes but can take you inside; we knew she was coming off an injury last year. She didn't get to play in the NCAA Tournament. She was going to have a great season for us.

Then you add a Kayla Robbins, who is a junior for us, and just is so explosive and has incredible balance and incredible motors with the basketball and really can affect the game with her length and her ability to offensive rebound.

And then you get a freshman like Naz Hillmon, Big Ten Freshman of the Year, Big Ten Six Player of the Year, had an immediate, immediate impact for us.

That package of four is really hard for other teams to guard. When other teams, one and two are getting tired, or when Hallie and Hailey are getting tired, we bring in Kayla and Naz. Our team doesn't miss a beat and we are able to continue and take it to another level.

That's really been an effective thing for us all season long, and I know that's something tomorrow that we've got to look to take advantage of, and I'm sure Coach Walz is preparing to stop that.

But we need to make sure that we are getting our post touches and we need to make sure that our posts are trying to get some second-chance opportunities, which they did a tremendous job of yesterday.

Q. In all likelihood the crowd tomorrow is going to be Louisville fans. Is that something you're a little bit concerned about?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Well, we had a nice crew yesterday. It's nice that the game is drivable and our managers, our practice players, our families, our friends -- I mean, we had a decent crowd yesterday travel, but it's not going to be a Louisville crowd.

I think one of the things I touched on earlier is we did go to Marquette and we did go to N.C. State and we tried to put ourselves in positions. We've played at Iowa and we've played at Maryland where we were going to be some situations where the crowd was going to be against us and we weren't really going to be able to hear our play calls, and we worked on some noise things during the course of the season.

So we know that it won't be easy. We know that it will be challenging playing on Louisville's home court and we know that the crowd will be for them. But it's still just tremendous to have a great crowd for a women's basketball game.

Q. For any of the players. Describe playing in a tournament game like this, without Jeff Walz on the sideline? More pressure? Less pressure?
THE MODERATOR: Asia first, and then Dana and then Sam.

ASIA DURR: There's no pressure at all. Obviously he's our coach, but we have to coach ourselves playing. So we have to play as a team. We can't just count on Coach Walz trying to coach us through the game.

So I think we did a great job playing as a team and just playing hard. We can't just leave everything up to the coaches. We have to take our role, too.

DANA EVANS: I think we have a great coaching staff, from Coach Norman, Coach Purcell, Coach Williams, and we just trust in the coaches and know they are going to put a game plan together for us and it's just a matter of us executing it.

SAM FUEHRING: To go along with what they said, I feel like, yeah, Coach Walz is our head coach, but Norman, Purcell, Williams, they can all be a head coach, too. They work so hard and stuff. So I mean, it was no pressure at all.

Q. In 22 minutes, you go 9 for-9, you get your only three. You get a double-double. You how does the ankle feel?
SAM FUEHRING: Great. It really does. I kind of felt it in the third quarter, I don't know how, but I kind of just shook it off and kept playing.

Q. I asked their players if your all's height bothered them. You all were quite much bigger in most positions, all but maybe one that they matched up. Did you think you intimidated a little bit with your height? The first quarter I think you all blocked at least three or four shots within a two- to three-minute stretch?
SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, height, it kind of has an effect on people, but it doesn't really matter as long as you're going hard. Yeah, there were blocked shots, but that's because we were in the position to block the shots. But other than that, I mean, height doesn't really matter when it comes to going hard.

Q. I guess for each player, you hold them to a very, very low percentage in shooting here and they end up, your defense was outstanding. What were you seeing out there to shut them down so effectively? Start with Dana and work around.
DANA EVANS: I think the coach has been emphasizing defense a lot because we have to rely on it to win games. You're not always going to make shots but you can always defend. I think us focusing on defense and rebounding was key, too, so not letting them get second-chance points. I think our defense was a lot better. I think our transition could be better but defense was a lot better this game.

ASIA DURR: Dana hit that right on the jackpot. That was great. Our defense was really good today. We pressured them. They didn't really like the pressure. I was very proud of my team. We got, you know, we got stops, and then we got that board.

So that was very, very, very important, especially going back to our conference game against Notre Dame. So I think we made that next step, and I'm very proud of them.

Q. I know it was already asked but Sam, how does it feel knowing coming off an injury, you had the kind of game that you had?
SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, I'm -- coming off an injury, I don't think sophomore year I had an injury, but it's just ex-kiting to come back because like leaving your team, it's not a good feeling. You always want the best for them and that's something that I've wanted, and I sat out like a week trying to get better as best as I could.

It's not fun, especially when you want to play the game that you love, and I know -- I was telling myself, all I wanted to get was rebounds. Like I can't wait to come back and get rebounds. Yeah, I mean, my trainer helped me to get healthy real fast.

Q. Starting roster had Mykasa in it. How soon did you decide that? Did you decide that on your own?
ASSOCIATE HEAD COACH STEPHANIE NORMAN: That would be no. I don't do anything without the approval of my boss. We had talked about it. We got -- when it happened against Notre Dame, it was like a game-time decision, so we really weren't prepared to think about it as much as we did having this whole week off.

Dana's role has been so great coming off the bench that we thought it would be better to do this and keep her accustomed to what she's doing and her strengths and change the tempo when she comes in and the dynamic of our team. So we thought off, you know, some deliberation, that this would be the best thing for our team is to start Mykasa.

Q. What was Jeff's last words to you before --
ASSOCIATE HEAD COACH STEPHANIE NORMAN: "Have fun."

Q. -- before he walked across the street?
ASSOCIATE HEAD COACH STEPHANIE NORMAN: "Have fun." That's what he told me. Those of you who have all had a chance to get to know him over the years, and he's an amazing coach to work for because he gives us so much freedom. He really instills ownership in this program.

So whether you're the first assistant, the last assistant, the manager, the guy who sweeps, our practice players, we all have an opportunity to be impactful in our program because he let's us.

To have someone like that as your boss really instills a lot of confidence and pride, and so he -- he kept like making it really easy -- well, he jokingly put pressure on but now the pressure's on him. So I did my job.

So he was giving me crap the whole week about, you know, a lot of different things, and really keeping it light. And so the last thing he said is just make sure you have fun, don't worry about anything else. Just have fun.

So I appreciated that because I mean, if you think about it, even though I have a ton of experience, your first coaching is a do-or-die situation. It's a one-and-done situation. It's not like even though I had the opportunity to do it against UT Martin, it wasn't like if we lost that we're done with the season.

So this is a different animal to have to deal with to be thrown into the fire your first time. But he made that transition really easy and really set me up for success.

Q. Do you think Coach Walz was having fun across the street? What do you think was going through his mind as he was watching this game on television?
ASSOCIATE HEAD COACH STEPHANIE NORMAN: You know, he's a really positive person. So I would imagine he's having fun. And then he was probably cussing at the TV a few times, but no, he saw how hard our kids played. I think he would be proud if he was in here, I really do.

You know, he's the patriarch of this program and I'm just really proud to be his understudy and I hope that he was really proud of our coaching staff, because although I'm sitting up here, there's two other assistant coaches who do a phenomenal jobs and we really collectively talked about -- we got together last night at the hotel and talked about how we were going to coach together, what each person's responsibility was going to be and that this was going to take a village.

So I would give as much credit to them as I would to Coach Walz, but they did a great job of keeping me confident, too, as we were going into this.

Q. With Sam coming back from injury, did you expect her to have this performance right after rehab?
ASSOCIATE HEAD COACH STEPHANIE NORMAN: I wouldn't expect anybody, not only Sam. She literally practiced not even a full -- I think she practiced a full practice, but she had limited reps, so really one practice, and it was quite a long time since our Notre Dame game.

You know, there's always an element of doubt in you when you're coming back from an injury, especially a sprain of some sort. You know, am I going to step wrong or do something.

She just played so aggressively. I was just really proud of her, because that's not an easy thing to do to really press yourself to get back as soon as you can. I mean, ideally, we would love to have another three or four days for her but she gutted it out and it was just a tremendous effort, and especially the rebounding part. I know she had 19 I think tonight. It was perfect from the field.

But it's really the rebounds, because this team is a really good rebounding team, and she just brings that confidence to our group because she's always in there doing the dirty stuff and cleaning things up for people.

So I was just -- I couldn't be more happy and proud of her to be able to come back off that injury in the first game back, have a performance like that.

Q. Obviously we don't know who Sunday's game will be, but preparations for that?
ASSOCIATE HEAD COACH STEPHANIE NORMAN: So I had to pull double duty, so I not only had this scout, which was a cumulative effort between all of us, but I had to know what was going on. So it's not typical that assistant coach would do back-to-back scouts but myself, I have Michigan and then Coach Purcell has Kansas State.

So we were kind of pulling double-duty here a little bit here. That's typically how we do it throughout the year. Each one of us assistants, and it would be a different assistant would have a certain team. So I'm very familiar with Michigan. I couldn't tell you anything except Kansas State runs a 1-3-1 because Purcell told me that but I have not taken a peek at them, so I'm anxious to go out and watch them.

This is going to be a great game. These are two really, really about teams. This is this your at this point 8-9 game in the past, and I think that's indicative of women's basketball this year. It's been extremely competitive, extremely balanced and the parity is phenomenal.

So it makes for a great fan experience. This game on Sunday is going to be really, really tough no matter who it is. So I'm not necessarily looking forward to it but we will up to the challenge at that time because these two teams are much better -- well, I mean, they are 8 and 9s. There's a reason they are 8-9, but they are really good 8-9s.

I know everybody says like our bracket is loaded but we've really tried to emphasize to our players, we're just going to play the next team on our line and not worry about everybody else in there, and then we'll approach each game with the same businesslike approach that we do with all of our teams.


Q. Your three-point shooting brought the team pretty close.
CHRISTIANNA CARR: Honestly, being a shooter, you want to be able to find the best shots possible within our offense, and you know, we kind of noticed that things weren't really working inside. As they knew that we were forcing the ball inside, forcing the ball inside, it opened up three point shots as well. What Rachel and I told each other before every single game, get your feet set, get ready to shoot the ball and take open shoots. I feel like we did what we usually do and we just take our open shots whenever KG passes it to us and that's kind of what helped us out there.

Q. To either of the players, but how did Michigan's press early in the first half, or late in the first half, kind of help them extend their lead and kind of cripple you guys offensively?
RACHEL RANKE: Just put on a lot of pressure that we couldn't handle at the time. We weren't taking care of the ball very well. We were making careless plays and we weren't running press plays correctly throughout the last 30 games we've played. They just sped us up, and we just did not handle it very well at the time.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the ladies?

Q. Seems as though they used their height advantage quite well. Would both players talk about that and how difficult their height advantage was to them in allowing them to kind of do what they wanted to in the paint, especially later on?
RACHEL RANKE: Well, we've played against pretty big teams, you know, having Baylor in our conference. So we've been used to playing against height. I think what we struggled with was we left a lot of plays on the floor. We didn't finish defensive plays. We gave them a lot of second chances on boards.

Just not getting underneath and getting aggressive enough under there was a big problem for us.

CHRISTIANNA CARR: What Rachel said. We don't struggle with height adds much because we played in the Big 12 and we face a lot of Kalani Brown, Lauren Cox, girls like that.

But one thing that killed us today that I didn't feel like we had was a tenacity to go after the ball and they got a lot of second chances on us which really did kill us in the second quarter going into the second half.

Honestly, I don't think it was their height. It was just we lost the will to get the ball more than them, and so I think that ended up going into a lead and we kind of lost it from there.

Q. You're both underclassmen. How take this experience and grow from it in the future?
RACHEL RANKE: It was fun. I had not been to the NCAA Tournament yet. It was an expectation for us this year but like Coach said, getting to the NCAA is cool and all, but you want to advance. Losing the first round is tough and it's hard. I'm definitely going to remember this all off-season and all next year. You know, it's going to be the same goal. Same goal next season. We want to get back to the NCAA Tournament, but we want to advance.

CHRISTIANNA CARR: Going off what Rachel said, last year, coming to K-State and going into our work outs in the summer, they kind of drilled that mindset into us not only as a freshmen but new players, as well; that they didn't like the way that they finished last year and that we were going to attack this year with everything that we got.

Honestly, I feel like now that we kind of have been through, we got a taste of what it's like. We didn't get the best taste of it, getting a loss today but now we'll be able to drill into our new players this summer and kind of set that mindset and that tone of how we're going to attack this year so we can not only get to here but advance and keep advancing and keep advancing.

Honestly I just think it's going to start in the summer and we're going to get back to work, and that's the only thing you can do is just focus on what's ahead and get back in the gym.

Q. What did you think of the way Michigan was able to take control of the paint?
COACH JEFF MITTIE: I thought they owned the blocks. This was a horrific performance by us down low. There's no way to sugarcoat this: We did not play very well. We were not physical enough. We were not committed enough to what we talked about.

You know, Michigan comes in, they don't make a whole lot of threes and it appeared we were flying at people as if they were really good 3-point shooting team and we're supposed to be what we call, squeezing the post and getting extra help around there, not only for the first attempt, but for the offensive rebound, and just a really poor job of getting that done.

I did think early, we were pretty scattered. We were a little -- if anything the press did, it might have got us out of sorts, not just with the turnovers, but also just in our discipline to do what we needed to do at the defensive end of the floor.

Because, as they mentioned, we were not very sharp and in sync, and we were on press break every day. It's not something that we do only when we play a pressing team. We do it ten minutes every day. We play a pressing team, we do it maybe 45 minutes in terms of attacking. But we certainly got out of sorts in that stretch and struggled.

You mentioned the threes. The threes that they made to get us back in it in the second quarter were really just individual plays. There wasn't a whole lot of team plays to get those threes, so they really stepped up big in that stretch but ultimately we needed to play better as a team and we just never did.

Q. Did their height, did that intimidate you a little bit? It seems like the first couple of minutes of the game, they blocked a couple of shots and some of your players maybe got a little bit intimidated about that. Was that the case?
NNEKA EZEIGBO: Speaking for myself, I didn't think the height intimidated us. I think that it was mostly coming out and being ready to be -- to stay at our pace. For our new players, it might have kind of shaken them a little bit, but as time went on, I told them to kind of try to brush it off and just try to play their game and try to get their own pace going.

Q. Nneka, you went for nine and nine today. Did you ever play against Sam in high school at all back in the days?
NNEKA EZEIGBO: No. I didn't know who she was before I came here. She was new to me.

Q. What's it like having such a big game for you on the big stage in college basketball?
NATALIE VILLAFLOR: I feel like it was a good experience coming in and honestly, we talked a lot about having no fear and faith in our team. So just coming in and trying to emulate that and doing whatever my team needed me to do, that was the focus. So I'm just really proud of our team and the effort we gave today.

Q. Once a game gets out of hand like that? What are you thinking about as the game goes along, and kind of explain that. I know it was 57-13 at halftime and you all played a lot better in the second half.
NATALIE VILLAFLOR: During halftime, Coach was telling us, like we need to stay on the path and he's always telling us there's a light at the end of the path. Just focusing on that and playing our game and relying on our team to continue to push each other. I think that really allowed us to stay focused and finish out the game strong.

Q. For both of you guys. As a whole, this it was a really great season for you guys. You started off 3-al conference and came back and went 16-2 in the conference, avenged last year's conference championship loss. What's the biggest takeaways from this season?
NNEKA EZEIGBO: Just finding our own pace and keeping our own strength and trying to utilize them. We have a lot of confidence in our players and each one of each other, so a lot of it was instilled from trust and confidence. So being able to work with a bunch of girls that you really do trust and are considered your family, and just growing off of that and being able to play really hard for each other.

NATALIE VILLAFLOR: I think just learning that the start and the end of the game are both extremely important. Early in the season, we struggled to stay consistent, and I feel like throughout the season, that's something we really improved on.

Q. When you go back and look at this and talk to your team in the off-season, what are some of the teaching points?
COACH CHARLIE BUSCAGLIA: I think one of the questions earlier about the length and the disrupting, some of the things that we're doing, I think it's a motivation to continue to get in the gym and improve your pace and your explosiveness. You know, you don't see this every day at the mid-major level. You don't see this kind of length and athleticism like with Fuerhing and Dunham. They are long and they are athletic.

So they kind of juked our pace when we got into though gaps as we were punching into the elbow area that we live off a lot in our offense. It disrupted our timing a lot and you see at the end of the game, Esther hit a nice pull-up going right down the alley, and that was kind of a look into just continuing to go after it and use these clips as a way to motivate, to get in the gym and work harder and get more out of yourself.

We played Iowa this year at Iowa and they had a great post player and they were tough. We were down four in the fourth quarter with a few moments to go. That was a great moment for us, playing against a team that obviously has an opportunity to go deep into the Tournament, and we learned a lot from that. What we were talking about up here with student athletes, that they were talking about, a lot of what they are saying is an extension of myself.

You can see they are quoting me and talking about the things we talk about every day. But no matter if we won a game this year or lost a game; like we lost this game, we come back the same way. We get in the video room the same way. We don't live on highs and lows, and so we won't go crazy over this and really question ourselves.

We'll just motivate ourselves to work harder. Keep faith strong in our heart.

Q. One of the big conversations coming into this game, how young this team is, 70 percent underclassmen. How do you feel those underclassmen handled this stage?
COACH CHARLIE BUSCAGLIA: They were great. You know, not always they hit the shot they wanted. Like Esther, she was a big reason why we won the conference championship. She really lit it up and she was very confident. Today she was 1-for-11, but her effort was outstanding. She had one turnover today and played 26 minutes as a freshman. That's pretty amazing.

We turned the ball over 15 times this athleticism and this length; that's amazing for a freshman, as many as we have out there to be able to do that.

A lot of times we get caught up in the field goals and we look at the field goal percentage and we say, well, they shot well, they played well. Well what about, we're giving up lay-ups or we aren't defending well. Those guys were out there and learned so much defensively this year, and with the underclassmen team like we have, we were ranked like 11th in the nation in defense.

Think about that with freshman and sophomores out there learning how to guard, and then we have to guard on this stage. I really am proud of them for the effort and the defensive effort they had, even with the mistakes coming back the next play, I thought showed a lot of mental toughness for a young team.

Q. Between you and your father, you've definitely made Robert Morris a consistent presence in the northeast conference and pursuant to the last question, what are your plans for the program moving forward?
COACH CHARLIE BUSCAGLIA: You build a program by bringing in student athletes that will create stability and work hard, at least that's the way that myself and my father, you know, really believe in how to do this.

You know, going forward, we'll season to recruit student athletes that will come in and represent the program well, and have a heart to go out and play on a stage like this and listen to instruction and have faith in what I'm talking about.

Just going forward, the same way that we built it going. You know, we are very routine driven, and we believe in what we believe in. You know, just like this stage here, we didn't change anything about our preparation, so going forward, we'll continue to build.

It's always a big plus when you could work as hard as we worked this year to get here with a young team, and then to have the reward of getting to the national tournament.

You know, it's awesome. A lot of the recruits that we're looking at and things like that can see at a mid-major level, there's a great experience there to choose to go to a mid major and play in meaningful games, conference tournaments, conference championships and then get to this stage, and whether you win or lose, when you get a draw like Louisville, you go out here and you leave everything on the court and you earn everything you get.

That's the message going forward, and that's what we'll continue with with the program. Just that's our culture and we won't change anything. We'll just keep hoping to grow and to continue to get these early commitments like we had like Bella Possett, who was first team all state, didn't have the best day shooting the ball today, but nobody can think about how proud I am of here. She's a big reason why we got here, someone that committed to us as a sophomore, really believed in the program. Seeing this kind of stage and the meaningful games that she can play in, that's what this means for the program.

Q. For Naz, just the rebounding, you look at the edge, 50-19, what do you attribute your success against Kansas State in that category?
NAZ HILLMON: Well, all year long Coach has been trying to drill into us that we can rebound with some of the best teams against the season. Just making sure we box out and rebound, whether the teams are bigger or smaller than us to make sure we are not running to the rim. Being focused and locked in, not only on the offensive boards but the defensive boards, as well. We don't want any team to get any second-chance points, and we know how that can affect the game, so we were trying to lock in on offensive and defensive rebounds.

Q. The little run that turned into a big run was 17 to 5, what happened at that point where it clicked on and you all just really put it out of reach at that point?
NICOLE MUNGER: They hit four straight three pointers and we knew coming into the game that that was their game plan so we knew we had to limit that and I think we really just focused in on limiting those three-point touches and make them have to earn every basket they got. When we did that, we kept hitting shots on offense, so when you do that, you saw the 17-5 differential, but it just started on the defensive end.

Q. Naz and Deja. Obviously Nicole has been one of most consistently hard-working players on the team the entire season, but she ended up in the bench like early in the first quarter, like after diving for a steal, can you just talk about how her intensity permeates throughout the team?
NAZ HILLMON: Well, every day in practice and every game we see how hard she works. We're in practice before we came here, she still diving on the floor as a senior, throwing her body everywhere, literally and sack fighting for the team. We know as a senior if she can do that, we can do that, as well. We try to say, we are the hardest working team in America and we are not going to be that team and there's only one person sacrificing their body, so we are going to try to go out there and do it for our teammates.

DEJA CHURCH: Just to touch on what Naz says. Every day in practice, Munger is always that one diving on the floor, taking charge. She just motivate all of us to do the same so we know when we're in the game, Munger has to go out for a short period of time, we know somebody has to step up, so you know, this whole year, that may have happened before. So we always just come together, you know, we have to pick up the work that Munger left when she was in the game.

Q. Nicole, you scored your 1,000th point at Michigan today. What does that mean to you and just can you talk about what your career has been like at Michigan?
NICOLE MUNGER: I think it means more to my family than it ever will to me. My dad will be more excited.

It's great to be here with such a special group surrounding me. Like I was talking on the way over, this has been the most fun year I've had playing basketball, and that's just really exciting. We're really close as a team, that's what makes it a lot of fun. That's all that matters.

Q. Deja, obviously you want to get off to a good start in the NCAA Tournament, but when you look at a 30-point blowout against another power five school, could you have imagined that, something that kind of grew?
DEJA CHURCH: I think today we just stayed focused. Whether we were up ten, 20, we really didn't think about it. We just looked at the score, 0-0 and kept pushing.

Q. Talk about -- not putting too much into the first game or building slowly or just kind of going all out and just building from there?
NAZ HILLMON: I think you have to give it all every game because honestly, it's March, it's win or go home so you don't know when your last game is going to be, so you have to give it your all every game.

Q. Can you guys talk about the mentality you guys have when you play the press on defense, especially Naz at the top?
NAZ HILLMON: So I would say for our press, we try to give the team a different look that they haven't had. I think usually -- we're trying to change the tempo, whether we're taking out of transition or just to slow them down and then they don't have as much time on the shot clock once they get to the halfcourt.

We try to do anything we can to just throw a different look at them and some people respond to it well and we have to change it up and some people don't respond as well.

It really depends on the people we're playing and what we're trying to do, but definitely take some time off the clock for them so they don't have as much time.

NICOLE CHURCH: Same thing. We put the press on to get steals but mainly it's just to slow the offense down. When it's working, the back line is coming up, it's very effective, and even if not that, we are slowing them down and they are starting their offense with 20 or 30 seconds. Pretty sure our opponents know what's coming with Nazr -- (laughter).

Q. You're now 7-0 in first round NCAA Tournament games. What do you attribute that number to?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: That was in the pit of my stomach this morning for sure. I think we are a really, really good team when we have time to prepare, and even though we were facing an opponent -- and we've faced a lot of opponents in the first round that throw something different at you in the first round that you are not accustomed to but we had a couple of days to prepare for it, and we really felt confident going in.

And we know, they are a great team and had a great year and finished on an up swing and I just watched them do this to West Virginia in the Big 12 Tournament. They are a good team. They beat Texas twice, that we lost to earlier in the season. We knew it was going to be a challenge but we had a few days to prepare and I think our kids were real, real confident with that.

Q. What was the message in the locker room during halftime? Obviously you guys extended the lead to around 20, but what did you tell the team in the locker room?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Well, our goal for the game was to keep them under six threes, and they had six at halftime. They had four in that little bit of a run in the second quarter.

So we wanted to give -- just making sure we were rotating out to shooters, and sometimes when you're in a two-on-one as a player, you're told to protect the hoop. But in this situation, we wanted to make sure that we contested all shots and don't play the scoreboard. Really important not to play the scoreboard because they are a team that could definitely go on a run. So don't look at the scoreboard. Don't get complacent. Five minutes at a time and just limit the three, limit the threes, limit the threes.

Q. Could you have imagined a game like this --
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: No.

Q. For an opener? Did you see this kind of thing coming, even as well as you've been playing down the stretch?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: No. Certainly no. Because K.C. had been playing well, as well and I said in the locker room at the end, as a coach, and we were fortunate to do this in our last home game of the season, to get an opportunity to have a big enough lead where we could really celebrate our seniors and people could get in and play on senior night, and that's really important to me as a coach. Because people in your program that don't play as much -- we say those who stay will be champions and sometimes to say through adversity and everything else, to have the opportunity to go out on senior night and play was tremendous for me as a coach in an NCAA Tournament, when do you ever get to clear your bench, holy cow.

Tonight was an opportunity for all our kids that work extremely hard all year long to get on the court and in the NCAA Tournament, to be able to celebrate our entire team was just such -- that put a smile on my face probably more than anything else because those kids worked so hard through everything. For them to be able to get on the court and perform was just great. But never would I have expected that.

Q. I know the physical rigors of the Big Ten, does that prepare you for a game like this that you can wear a team down as you did today?
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I think that speaks to our depth, and like these guys talked about and as you guys have mentioned, you have Kayla Robbins and Hallie Thorne off the bench. Those three could arguably start -- Naz is the MVP of our team and comes off our bench. What a punch that is to our opponent.

But the Big Ten had a tremendous year. I think playing in our league definitely prepared us for an opportunity in the NCAA Tournament. We lost a heartbreaker in the Big Ten Tournament. We were up against Maryland, and I don't know, like I still can't really talk about it because, you know, we felt like we were going to be Big Ten champs.

So most people on the outside, they would think that's a ridiculous -- most kids on our team think we were supposed to win the Big Ten Championship. That tournament that left a little bit of a pit in our stomach.

The Big Ten had a tremendous year as a whole and I think night-in and night-out, whether that's the physicality, whether that's the level play, whether that's the coaching, it has prepared us for this moment. And you know, one of the crummy things is getting the 8-9 seed. I mean, there's nothing crummier in the world.

But you know what, our kids are in a moment where they really believe in themselves. They believe in each other, and our chemistry is great right now, and they are just excited about the opportunity for our next game.

Q. You guys struggled early in the first five minutes. You only had four points and then when Naz and Kayla, came in, what was the schematic change or what was the emotional change that turned the game around, because from that point on, you were a different team.
COACH KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I think earlier on, we actually had some tremendous looks. I just didn't think the ball went in the basket early on. We had some good shots and I felt like those shots were going to fall. But it's expected. You're tight. You know, it's the NCAA Tournament, you come out and then you miss a couple and then you get tighter and tighter.

I think the way that Naz and Kayla, they just played loose and they make things happen. They are players that -- and Munger, that have the capability of making things happen. I think when we changed our defense, that took a lot of pressure off of our offense and we were able to get some easier buckets and then we were able to calm down a little bit.

And I think, you know, that's a credit to our starting group, too. It's who we are. And some people might say, I don't think you start and go with that group, but this made this team what it is. I think our starting group had to handle, hey, the spotlight is on, the NCAA Tournament, it's the tip, it's the first three minutes of the game; handle it. They did a solid job but their shots weren't falling. I think when that next group came in, they just changed the tempo. They just played loose. They played confident, and we were able to get some buckets to fall, and once we did, I think everybody else was able to relax a little bit more.

Q. First of all, have you chosen a place that you want to watch the games close by?
JEFF WALZ: Still working on that right now.

Q. Okay. And how calm or how emotional do you figure you're going to be during the game being on the outside looking in?
JEFF WALZ: I'm going to be fine. You know, we've had a year to prepare for this. It's not like we just found out three days ago. We went through a dry run during the nonconference season where Steph took care of ever thing, pre-game talk, all the substitutions, play calling, halftime talk. I actually enjoyed it.

It's one of those things when you sit there and you do it, I was able to -- I just sat in the middle of the bench and I was able to sit with the players and give them some insight that I'm not able to normally because you're out there trying to watch the game as a coach and figure out what you're going to do next. To be able to sit down and talk to them about, Hey, that read you made, here is what you should have looked for.

So Steph has been with me for 12 years. I mean, we have a great group of young women who have respect for everybody on the staff. We have a game plan, and I tell everybody, As a coach you put your game plan in before you go play. What has to take place during the game is making adjustments.

I feel completely confident with my staff that they're going to be able to do that.

Q. Can you give us an update status on both Arica and Sam?
JEFF WALZ: Yeah, first on Sam. Sam is doing great. Practiced full-go yesterday. Looked really good. She's taped up but says she feels good.

Arica ran yesterday. 100% body weight. Went back to the doctor today. We'll wait to see what he says about the next step of cutting, planting, but she says she feels good.

If she's cleared, then we're set to go.

Q. There is always talk about the 24-hour rule after a win or loss. How much did you really stress to your team putting the ACC tournament behind them and really looking forward to this, saying this is what's important now?
JEFF WALZ: Well, when you go into that game and were without Arica, and we find out 30 minutes before tip she's not going to play, and then Sam Fuehring goes down with a sprained ankle and plays 12 minutes.

Without those two we aren't good enough to compete with them. It's just a fact. Notre Dame is one the best teams in the country for a reason. We went back and looked at the film and said, Here some things we have to get better at, because doesn't matter who you play.

But we had pieces to a puzzle on this team. We're not always going to have the best five players on the floor, but we think we have possibly the best team when you put all the pieces together.

When you have Arica not out there, we didn't have any time to make any adjustments of how we were going to counter that. That's a big piece of our puzzle not there. Then Sam goes out. It's difficult for us. When everybody is out there doing what they do and doing it well we're a pretty darn good basketball team.

The saying we have with our program, Whatever you do well, do it. Whatever you don't do well, don't let anybody see it. That's one of the things we try and live by. We have done a pretty darn good job of that throughout this season. When you lose two key players it's difficult. We were playing a really good basketball team. They took advantage of that and beat us.

Q. Coach, since the ACC tournament you've had a little extended time off, more than usual, before your next game. What are you working on and what have you practiced on?
JEFF WALZ: We took a little time off just like I think everybody did to try and get the kids fresh. It was really nice for Arica and Sam to be able to have that time to recover with rehab and doctor's appointments and make sure they're set to go.

Then before the draw on Monday, gives you three or four days to just work on yourself. You don't know who you're going to play so you can't start preparing for anybody. Just gave us time to work on things that we needed to improve on. It was a good three or four days of practice. They weren't real long. They were intense. It wasn't a three-, four-hour practice, anything like that.

Then when you find out about the draw on Monday, then all of a sudden things pick up a bit when you know who you're going to play. So now you've got to work on some film, some breakdown, and start preparing a game plan.

Q. What is your impressions of Robert Morris from what you've seen on film?
JEFF WALZ: I'm really impressed with how well they're coached. I'm really impressed with how they defend. They know who they're best players are. I say that as a compliment. You scout and watch teams play and it's like their best player doesn't touch the ball. They're getting it to their go-to player. That's what I like to see when I'm scouting someone. Do the other players on their team know who our best player is?

At Robert Morris there is no doubt they do. You've got the player of the year, defensive player of the year. She's pretty darn impressive. We have watched a lot of film to make sure our kids understand nobody is playing at this time of year by accident. You're good.

I love the way they run their offense. They'll attack you when it's there but make you defend, too. As soon as you fall asleep, it's a layup. You've got to be on your toes. Can't be on your heels allowing them to dictate what Robert Morris wants to do.

Defensively they're the best defensive team in that league. They play good, hard, man-to-man. They'll break things up, do different variations at times on ball screens, things like that.

Overall, I just like how they compete. That's one of the thing when I look at a team on film, I like to see are they competitors. When things get tight, do they keep fighting. That's one of the thing I see in that ball club.

Q. By the same token, you know who your best players are. With injuries, who do you need to really step up or do you find yourself - will you find yourself - looking deeper when you're back on the bench at your bench maybe toward the end?
JEFF WALZ: Well, you know, we'll see what AC's status is going to be. You know, you look at Mykasa. She's been playing extremely well for us. She's a kid that can play 1 through 4 just because of her strengths.

Then you've got Dana who can start in any program. She's just been such a spark for us coming off the bench at 6th man of the year in the ACC. Kylee Shook and Jaz are two that we're going to need to continue to play well and pick things up at both offensive and defensive ends of the floor. Asia is Asia. We all know that. Sam is feeling 100%, so I'm excited for that. Like I've said, our margin for error is thin. It's always been thin. Everybody laughs at me when I say that but it's the truth.

We have to play well in order to advance in this tournament. Doesn't matter who we're playing. We can't go out and assume we're going to beat the defense, beat anybody. We can get beat by anybody. We have to do what we do well and do it and take pride in it.

If what you do is screen, set good screens. If you're a defender, defend. I tell our kids at the beginning of the year every single year: there is only one leading scorer on a team. If your goal is to be the leading scorer, only one of you can do it.

Who wants to be our best screener? Our best defender? That's what we talked about as this year has gone on. Hey, this is what I need from you. Our kids have bought into it, and that's why we've had this success.

Q. Coach, just to kind of --
JEFF WALZ: You interrupted the young man. Can you help him?

Q. Coach, is it true that you purchased a blond wig and fake beard to sneak in here?
JEFF WALZ: (Laughter.) No, that is not true. You know, I'm going to watch this ballgame and I'm not quite sure where yet. Still working on a few things. I'm going to enjoy it. You know, I told my staff it's a great opportunity for them to show everybody that, Hey, we have a good staff here. Not just a head coach, but I've got wonderful assistants that can do the job.

Q. Now, will they let you come back in to watch the second game?
JEFF WALZ: Yes, I'm allowed back in after the completion of our game. I've got to go directly to the scouting seats. I'm not allowed to be a part of any media after the game, which is fine. And then I can watch the second game and scout, if needed, yeah.

If we don't win I'm not coming back. Not sure if Steph will either. I put some pressure on them. I think pressure is good.

But like I said, it's one thing I never take anything for granted in NCAA tournament. You're foolish if you do. There is a reason everybody is still playing at this time of the year, because they're winning basketball games. We are fully dialed in understanding Robert Morris is a really good basketball team.

Q. Along that line, with the nature of this tournament, to be the outside looking in in, I guess have you had a chance to kind of reflect on a possible missed opportunity? Like say if this is your last game with your players, that you might not be there with them because of what happened last spring?
JEFF WALZ: No, I don't -- that's not something that I think about. I mean, it very well could happen, but last spring, you know, I was trying to defend my kids in a ballgame that was a tough one, I think everyone knows that who watched it.

I voiced my displeasure and said some things I probably shouldn't have said and may have used some colorful language. They fined me for it and gave me my one-game suspension, and that's their choice and that's fine.

I understand that. I'm not going to look back and if something happens today, Man, that was bad. No, I was defending my kids and I'll always defend them. Just might not use the same language.

Q. Coach, what did you know about Michigan before you saw their name pop up on the bracket and their coach, and what did you learn about them the last couple days?
JEFF MITTIE: Yeah, I figured you were from Michigan. You know, I knew they were a quality team. I don't know Kim well. I was at TCU for a number of years, and I was in the Big East for six months, so got to know her at a couple of the conference meetings. Watched her teams at St. John's, followed her. She's done a great job at Michigan. Had followed, obviously, the Big Ten a little bit. We've played a number of Big Ten teams over the years. She has done a really quality job with this team in particular because they're young like us, you know, only a couple seniors and got a vast majority of underclassmen.

I like their group. I think they're a balanced team, and I think that's what I first gained from -- but I don't know -- what I've come to know about them in the last 72, 96 hours is kind of just their balance is impressive, their inside game is impressive. But they've kind of done it I just think with a good overall balance of both ends of the floor.

Q. Coach, Michigan's size has posed a problem for a lot of teams in the Big Ten this year. Obviously your team is not overly small, but what do you think specifically, what about Michigan's size poses you guys some trouble potentially tomorrow?
JEFF MITTIE: Yeah, well, they're very talented inside. You know, not only are they talented, but they play very physical. Their rebounding numbers, that's a problem for us, quite honestly. That's a problem for us. It's been a problem for us.

And their ability to go big at times I think can give us problems. We've got to figure out how to counter that.

Obviously we play a lot of size in the Big 12. We've just come off of Baylor, which is the biggest team in the country. We've had trouble with Brown all three games. I'm sure their front line is excited to play.

But we have faced a lot of different power forward/center combos, and we've got to try to do things, I think, a little bit different by. We've got to make sure we've got bodies on them. We've got to make sure we've got enough traffic around them, and if we can do that, then you've got to hope that you get them off the block some.

If they get in on the block, though, that's going to be a problem. That's a problem for us, and it's a concern of mine going into this game.

Q. When she was in here, she said she was looking at some of their Big Ten games to try to find a team that was similar to your team, and how that would help them get a mental picture of how to play you. Did you do a similar thing, and who would you say would match up in the Big 12 to what Michigan had?
JEFF MITTIE: Yeah, you know, everybody is trying to look for similarities so you can talk to your players about, hey, this is a team that plays like this. I kind of felt like from a defensive standpoint, because they're primarily man but they'll also full-court press at times, three-quarter court press at times, that they were a little bit of a combination of an Oklahoma State, West Virginia. Certainly those teams come to mind.

They have a big front line, though, so you can go -- we have some big front lines in the Big 12, so I can list a lot of teams in those numbers -- Texas has a big front line that also likes to three-quarter press. So the teams that I talked about, Texas, Oklahoma State had some big front lines. That would be -- did she find anybody in her league, by the way?

You know what's funny about that is Joe and I are friends. I'll probably give Joe a call tonight. Northwestern plays a little bit of that zone. They play a little bit of a buzz zone, and certainly when we looked at Michigan, we looked at their zone offense because we play a lot of mixture of defenses. And while I'm not here to tell you which defense will play tomorrow, Northwestern would probably be a team that I would look at, as well.

I'm not as crazy as Joe, though.

Q. What do you think your team's particular strengths are, and what's really led you to the tournament?
JEFF MITTIE: Very similar to, I think, Michigan in that we've gotten more production out of our entire group the last six weeks than we had early in the season. Now, everybody talks about the two, Williams and Goth, but we've gotten more production out of our entire team -- Ranke has played very well. Chrissy Carr has played very well. Kali Jones has played very well. Our bench has continued to improve.

We're a much more balanced team that if you look back at games in December and early January, we weren't a very balanced team at that time. That's been the biggest thing for us in our improvement.

It's simplistic to say we've shot the ball better, but going along with that has just been better balance, and I think we've been harder to guard in the last six weeks. We were pretty easy to guard in the early part of the season.

Q. Any coincidence that you say Texas was a match-up similar to Michigan since you beat them twice this year? We saw Texas down in Florida and they were really good.
JEFF MITTIE: Well, when you look at a game that was played on November 24th, if you saw some games we played on November 24th, you would wonder if you were looking at the right team. So I don't know. I didn't -- I think the similarities are just simply the size, the body size. Texas has a big front line, and Texas has good athletic players. I think Michigan falls in that same category. I think Michigan has big guards. That is very similar to us.

When I saw Michigan play, I thought there were a lot of similarities between us because we had size across the board. They obviously have a difference maker at the center spot with the size there, but overall good size and complete good size.

No, I just think that from a body mass, from a style of play, pretty similar. High-low game, like to get the ball inside, left-handed, that would be a similarity to White has, both left-handed centers, those would be similarities that we looked at.

We've made our redshirt center be left-handed all week. It's been good for her. She's about 6'5", so she's really developed her left-hand jumper this week, so that's been good for her.

Q. Peyton, can you talk about being in the NCAA Tournament, finally having a good run here late in the year and then getting to a point where now it's time to put it up in the big dance?
PEYTON WILLIAMS: Yeah, it was a little bit of an up-and-down road on the way here, absolutely. We're a young team. We took a break from the tournament last year, even though we went to the WNIT, so we knew we wanted to get back to the big dance this year. We had some great team leadership and some younger players that really stepped up in a lot of areas to get us where we are, and yeah, we're glad to be here.

KAYLA GOTH: To add to that, I would just say we went into this year with the expectation of being here, and we preached that kind of all season to our younger group, and we kind of struggled early, obviously, in both the non-con and conference season but were able to kind of put the pieces together and figure out how to play together really well towards the end of the season.

Q. When Coach was in here he said if you took a snapshot of how you played in November and how you're playing right now, it's two different teams. Can you give me a little bit -- maybe an example of something that was crazy early when you knew you were in disarray, and when you kind of knew it solidified?
KAYLA GOTH: Yeah, I can attest to that from a point guard position. Early in the season we were calling plays every single time down the floor. I was looking at Coach Mittie for a play call every single time down the floor. Now towards the end of the season, I am barely looking at him. We are just kind of moving the ball, we're playing together a lot better together. We don't have to talk people through where they're supposed to be as much as they know where they're supposed to be. That's definitely changed from an offensive perspective.

PEYTON WILLIAMS: Yeah, I would agree. We moved the ball a lot better than we did at the beginning of the year, and I think that's just playing together longer as a team. That comes with time I would say, especially for having such a young team.

Yeah, and defensively I think we're getting after it a little bit more, getting more comfortable with the defenses, and again, just the time and getting used to playing with each other has really been helpful. And then also those younger players stepping into their role and becoming comfortable with their role on this team, I would say.

Q. Who's coming in with the hot hand? Who do you feel like is playing really well or shooting really well that maybe was a kind of surprise?
KAYLA GOTH: Chris Carr has obviously been playing well all season, but she's definitely I would say right around the turnaround, right around the time we made that turnaround, she kind of settled into her role a little bit more. She'll talk a lot about, if you were to ask her this question, she kind of looked at herself as more of a scorer at the beginning of the season, and thought she had to shoot the ball almost every time she got it, and that's definitely not what we need her to do.

So stepped into her role a little more, knew when she needed to take shots, knew when she needed to turn down some, and I think she's playing really well right now.

PEYTON WILLIAMS: I'd also say Rachel Ranke a little bit. She came into the Big 12 Tournament pretty hot and a couple games before that pretty hot. It would be great if that could come back again. It would be awesome.

Q. Talk about the leadership that you provide for the younger players since you have a younger core that is having some good production for you, that they don't panic and go back to your old ways. How are you shoring them up a little bit?
PEYTON WILLIAMS: Yeah, it just takes a lot of knowing how to communicate with specific young players because, I mean, and I guess reining them in is a key. Making sure they're actually listening to you is a key. That has taken time -- on their part, they've gotten a lot better in their defense. It used to be, I mean Coach is always like, "Butterfly, bring it back, bring it back."

But yeah, in those game moments they've gotten a lot better at knowing when it's crucial to focus, but yeah, we've got Kayla and -- Kayla does most of the talking in the huddles because she's a point guard, and she's really good at making sure she's just not saying generalities. She'll pull you out and say, okay, this is what I need from you, or if she knows a player is really down or in their head, she'll be like, we need you to not focus on yourself and give as much as you can, and that's really been helpful, singling out and making sure she's talking directly to someone is really helpful for the younger players, I would say.

KAYLA GOTH: I would just add to that add social cues. You can tell when somebody is off on their own island, they're just not focused at all and being able to understand that, and not necessarily calling them out in front of everybody but walking over and saying, "Hey, I need you to bring your focus back. I need you to come back to where we're at right now. And then you can totally tell when Coach Mittie says something and some of those younger players have absolutely no idea what he's talking about. Just going over there and talking them through it, trying to -- I would say at the beginning of the season that's where a lot of growth has happened, at the beginning of the season it was talking them through almost everything, and now they are able to understand what he's saying, what he wants, how he wants it done, stuff like that.

Q. What do you remember from your experience with the NCAA Tournament a few years ago, and what can you use from that experience as a bonus for not only yourself but also when you're passing on leadership skills to the other ones that are here for the first time?
KAYLA GOTH: I would say I have two different experiences. My freshman year we obviously went away to South Carolina, and then my sophomore year we got to host. So they were two very different experiences. So my sophomore year, you're dealing with the home crowd, you get to stay home and be in your home city, and that was super fun in its own way. And then freshman year, you get to go someplace new and you're playing against basically their home crowd. We didn't play South Carolina my first game and we still had their home crowd there.

So I think they're two totally different experiences, and just trying to take it as it comes, enjoy the experience, enjoy the process. It's really fun to be here, but it's also do or die. You lose, you go home, that's it. So understanding the weight of each game and being able to move forward and not put too much weight on it but knowing that it's there.

PEYTON WILLIAMS: Yeah, it's hard for me to look back on my freshman year because I'm like completely different. My whole goal was just to not like turn the ball over and to get it to Kindred and Lew. If I had it in the short corner, I could shoot that one. Like that was it.

Yeah, just kind of flipping the switch and -- yeah, in that way, embracing just the newness of it all, and we get to play a different team for the first time in several months, which is really fun, and I think, yeah, just embracing the challenge of it and just having fun I think will be two of our main points of emphasis I would think.

Q. Kind of following up on that, what has the travel been like here as opposed to some of your other tournament appearances? Does this seem closer or does it seem more manageable compared to the others?
PEYTON WILLIAMS: It seems pretty similar, at least to me. One recently I think in the Big 12 we had to travel quite a bit to -- what was that? We had to travel quite a bit to where we were like practicing and stuff like that. But it's been pretty reasonable, and everyone is getting us in and out of where we need to be. It's fun being in like more of a city, like we were in Oklahoma City. I like that. The feeling is a little different than Manhattan, which is fun.

KAYLA GOTH: I think I would just add to that, I think that's one of the pros of being the in Big 12 conference. We go a 30-minute flight to Oklahoma and Norman, but we also go a three-hour flight to West Virginia. So I think it's definitely similar to us. Not every game is close, but not every game is super far away. Louisville is a beautiful city. We got to go explore some of this last night. The team got to go walk around, so I think we're all super excited to be here.

Q. As a follow-up, how long was the flight from Manhattan to here?
KAYLA GOTH: Hour 20-ish.

Q. You're talking about having new opponents about playing in conference season for a while. What have you seen so far from Michigan on film and what are you looking forward to playing against them tomorrow?
KAYLA GOTH: Yeah, we're obviously extremely similar teams when you look at us statistically. They obviously run a really good high-low game with No. 30 and 00 inside, and 15 kind of adds to that, a little bit of a new dynamic to that high post area. They've got a couple of good outside shooters in No. 10, and they have the ability to kind of spread you, so hopefully being aware of that high-low, but also being aware of what's outside and being aware of shooters.

PEYTON WILLIAMS: Yeah, I'd say minimizing like inside movement is going to be a big key to the game, I think, just from the film that we've watched so far. Yeah, like find the shooters and keep your hands high I think on defense, and offensively being able to move the ball. They have some big players, and understanding and recognizing that we struggle with that sometimes. And so I think moving the ball in smart ways I think will be a key for us, as well.

Q. Couple for each one of you. This is your final appearance in here as seniors. Thoughts going into this final appearance?
SAM FUEHRING: What are my thoughts just knowing that this could possibly be my last game if we don't win? Trying not to let that happen, just to know that it's the end of your career and to give it your all no matter what.

ASIA DURR: Yeah, to go off what Sam said, I would pretty much say the same thing. It's our last one, last college game, so just have fun, focus on winning. You'll never be able to go back to college ball, so just to have fun.

ARICA CARTER: Yeah, I agree with what they said. Just come out and play our hardest and do everything that we can to go as far as we can go and have fun.

Like she said, this is our last go-round, and it's not worth it if you don't have fun. Just come out and do everything we can to win and have fun.

Q. Arica, looking back on the game you all played with Jeff watching from the sidelines, what do you remember from that game, and how much do you feel like that prepared you all for tomorrow?
ARICA CARTER: I was just so happy he wasn't coaching us. Get a break from him. (Laughing.) We have a great staff so it's not a big difference. Our staff has been doing this for years and they're prepared for this at any time. It wasn't a big difference for me.

I was more focused on the game and what we had to do to win the game.

Q. To follow up, with him not being there, sometimes still kind of feel his presence even though he's not yelling at you? Do you remember still feeling, Yeah, he's watching us, he's going to have something to say, as coaches do?
ARICA CARTER: Honestly, I wasn't thinking about him. I was focused on the game. I was focused on the moment and what was happening in the moment. You can't try to think about what's going on outside of basketball. We were playing game, so I wasn't really thinking about Coach Walz.

Q. For Sam and Arica, you all have been kind of a subject of attention this last week with the injuries. Let us know how you're feeling, participation today, how things are going in your recoveries.
SAM FUEHRING: I feel great. The training staff and the coaching staff have been very supportive and have been trying to get me to 100% again, and they have. I feel like I'm 95; tomorrow it'll be even better.

Today is going to be my third day practicing, full practice. But, yeah, they did a great job with treating me and getting me back healthy.

ARICA CARTER: I feel good as well. Getting better and better every day with practice. So, yeah, I'm just hopeful to play on Friday and excited to see what's to come.

Q. For Asia, how do you try to get your teammates more involved and maybe take a couple extra shots, maybe drawing some of the attention away from them?
ASIA DURR: You just try to make plays, reads, how the defense is guarding you, whether they throw two or three people at me. That means one of my teammates are open, so I just try to make the right play, right read. That's just all I try to do.

Q. For Asia again, I know you haven't had a lot of time to prepare for Robert Morris. Is this pretty much just a case of you all going out and playing Louisville basketball?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, we try to do that regardless of who we're playing or matched up against. So we have our hands full. They're a great team. They know how to shoot the ball well. We have to come out and get stops and try to turn those stops into scores.

Q. For Sam and Arica, you already know what I'm going to ask, don't you? Who was Robert Morris, the person?
SAM FUEHRING: Robert Morris is a guy...

ARICA CARTER: Rich guy, very rich, but died penniless. He's a wealthy man who bought weapons for the Americans for the American revolution.

Q. Well done. Thank you. This is for any of the players. What is your impression of Robert Morris, most especially their defense?
ASIA DURR: They play strong in the gap. They play man. They might play zone, but they play a whole lot of man. So, I mean, they're a great team. They're well coached. They play strongly in the gap.

SAM FUEHRING: I feel like they got -- to go off what Asia said, they have layers, too. So like if they do get blown by, there is someone else there. Yeah, they play hard.

ARICA CARTER: Yeah, from watching the film it looks like they play very hard, which is exciting. That's what you want to play against, so, yeah.

Q. Is there any team that you guys have played earlier in this year that is similar to Robert Morris at all?
SAM FUEHRING: We kind of compared it to -- well, I compared it to Syracuse with their offense. They like to drive and then kick.

But not like...

ARICA CARTER: I think it's multiple teams that we've played this year that are similar to Robert Morris, that play hard, play scrappy, and rotate and make you have to get off the ball quick. I think there has been multiple times we played teams that are similar to Robert Morris. I can't think specifically who they are, but I remember playing teams like that.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, it's like a mixture.

Q. So with (indiscernible) doing it last year and Harvard doing it like in the '90s, how are you and your team preparing to try to do the ultimate upset?
CHARLIE BUSCAGLIA: We prepare the same way no matter who we play, from game one to the conference tournament to the conference championship. We're very routine driven as far as just being grateful or every chance we get to go out there and play no matter the situation.

That's our culture, is to just work our hardest every day. Not looking for the big game or the big moment, but treating every moment as a big game or a big moment. We are extremely blessed to be able to do this and go out there and give it our best.

We value each day at practice the same way we would value it now as we would back in game one, opening game. Obviously at this point in the season we've earned the right to be here and worked really hard for it, but we can't forget that the light at the end the path that I always tell them we got to stay on. Stay on that path and just continue with the way we've been doing things and not get caught up in the moment.

Obviously 1 and 16 looks very difficult, obviously the percentages of a 16 seed being able to knock off a 1 seed on either the men's or women's side is extremely low.

But that's not what we focus on. It's a game, and we have to go out there and play the game to the best of our ability. If we work our hardest, we let the chips fall.

Q. How much of an opportunity do you get to really see some of the top teams during the course of the season? How much did you really know about Louisville before the seedings went out?
CHARLIE BUSCAGLIA: Well, we come across a lot of top teams because of our nonconference schedule. We'll scout whether we're playing one the top teams or somebody played a top team that we're playing. We'll see them in video. Obviously not focus on them as much because we're looking at the other side, but like say for instance this year we went and played Iowa, who won the Big 10, and they have one of the best players in the country at the center position.

We had to scout and prepare for that game. We were able to see the different things that a team at that level can do to hurt you. Every top team has a different identity, but you could see the level of size, maybe athleticism, speed. In our opinion and in our culture, continue to be who we are and to continue to try to do what we do the best.

We're not a team that's a Jack of all trades, master of none. We like to try to master what we do and be the best we can at what we do. So that's kind of something that we've had to already look at when dealing with teams at that level and knowing who we are and continuing to be true to who we are, even if the opponent looks as strong as a Louisville.

Louisville particularly, did get a chance to see them play just a couple times during the year. I wasn't looking at them thinking about when March comes we'll be playing them and I better start take some notes. It was more of a casual watch.

Obviously if you're on the road as a coach and recruiting, you see the players that on their roster in the summer and spring, and you get a chance to see them growing up from sophomore, freshman year, sometimes all the way to senior year, as they play in the AAU circuits or in high school games they were at.

So familiar with them as well just from knowing how good they were coming out of high school and how they were going to help any program. Now that we've had some time to look at them more, definitely getting more of the in-depth look that we need to have. We're definitely just continuing to prepare and to learn them the best we can in such a short turnaround time for us.

Q. Talk about what your team does do well and what you have mastered, as you say.
CHARLIE BUSCAGLIA: We're an extremely young team. If you look at our roster, we're just a couple tenths of a percentage below 70% freshman-sophomore. You say, Boy, how could a team like that be able to be in this position being so young? What we do well is focus on what we can control and come into work every day. Our work ethic is what we pride ourselves on.

We come to practice every day looking to get better. I always tell them, Just get a little bit better every day. Just get a little bit better every day and we're going in the right direction then. We will grow, and you'll someday be able to look back when that timing is right and say, Boy, look at what I'm doing now that I wasn't back in September. Not trying to be a different person each day, but get a little bit better and put bricks on our foundation.

Whether we won a game this year or lost a game, this team had a full heart to come back to the locker room and go into video session and come up the office and want to see the clips -- not the good clips, but the bad clips. The clips that like I don't really like seeing myself mess up like that. They have to be willing to do that.

That's what we were willing to do all year. And especially when you're a freshman or a sophomore you can look a that and say, Well, they're young, they're immature, they're not going to get that yet. If you push yourself and you really have it in your heart to want to get better at that stuff and be more mature, you will.

I think that has a lot to do with what we did well. We grew throughout the season. We started off our nonconference 3 and 8. Even though we were 3 and 8 we lost or first game in overtime against a team that was a top 100 RPI team, a team that did really well in Youngstown. We had that game won and we let it slip out of our hands in the last nine seconds.

We turned around a lost a buzzer beater at Bowling Green on a reverse layup on a blocked shot where the ball bounced under the basket, player caught it in stride, and shot a reverse layup and made it. That's how we lost another game on the road.

Those are tough moments. They're either going to break you down or make you stronger. This team had a full heart to get stronger, to continue to come to work. I always tell them, You got to be able to handle winning and losing. Losing can separate you and so can winning. You can start to lose your passion to come and get better every day.

We went on some great winning streaks this year and had to stay humble. Part of our pillars is humility. Humility is a big part of this program. That's a big thing for us. You notice I'm not talking about hitting shots or throwing great passes. These are the things that I believe in that are going to build shooting the ball better, build throwing better passes.

Our defense is our work ethic. We can talk about all the great ways to play defense, how you're going to get stops. You got to have heart to do it, and you got to be able to push yourself to come to practice when you're a little sore or tired to go harder to become a better defender.

So all the stuff they talk about with our defense and our nationally-ranked defense and our conference-ranked difference and all that, that is all from work ethic. I could give them all the knowledge in the world about what I've been taught over the years being assistant coach under my father for a while, and obviously the friends I've made in the basketball world.

I can bring all that knowledge to practice every day, but you have to have player-driven mentality to get better. Sorry for the long-winded answer, but you're asking me what we do well, and it's not just summed up in a few words. It really is our mentality and our work ethic and player-driven mentality to come to practice every day and push themselves to get better.

That's why we've gotten better. I can tell them all the words in the world about what's going to make you better. They got to have the heart to do it. That's why we were able to go into the conference tournament with such a young team and to respond by looking so mature. It's because of how hard they work.

Q. When ESPN asks you what are the keys to the game, what are you going to tell them?
CHARLIE BUSCAGLIA: We know they're a very fast, physical, athletic team. We know they have some players that are considered top players in the nation, if not the top player in the nation. We expect them to come out with a ton of energy, a ton of passion, and we have to be able to match that. We have to be able to be mentally tough.

We have to go out there and understand that the game is going to be played in between the lines. We have not get caught up in the moment of what's around us and all this, all of the media and all the attention they're getting. We talked a lot about that before we came out here today, about every game how we prepare, and we have to be prepared the same way. We have to understand that this is going to be a game that's played, and what's going to win or lose the game is the way you go out there and how hard you work and to withstand the pressure and the aggressiveness that they're going to have.

That's going to be a big part game, obviously, just understanding how talented and athletic and strong Louisville is, and when they want to come at you, you got to be able to fight for yourself, your team, and to continue to play.

If you make a mistake, something bad happens, we've been working on this all year. Handling adversity. That's going to be big. We have to handle adversity out there. We've been growing so much with that. We just got to stay on our path.

Q. You hear coaches talk about preparing for big environments by sometimes piping in loud noise, that sort of thing. What kind of unorthodox method have you done with your team at any point to prepare them for that big atmosphere, maybe such as the Iowa game?
CHARLIE BUSCAGLIA: Going into the Iowa game? There has been times we've made it loud through using the speaker system in our arena and stuff like that just to make it hard to call a play out using hand signals.

Really the biggest preparation is, besides all that stuff, is coming to practice and creating an environment that is tough. Practice has to be hard. Practice is by far the most important thing we do every day as far as basketball-wise. It teaches us a lot basketball-wise, a lot about people, about dealing with adversity. That's why it has to be tough.

That's the best preparation you could have, is have hard practices every day and challenge ourself at practice to put yourself in the moment as much as you can.

If you're going through a drill or playing 5-on-5 or you're running something up and down the court, that takes a lot of endurance and cardio, you got to push yourself. That way when you're in the game that pace isn't too fast for you. That's really how you get better. That's really how you handle teams that play really fast. Louisville plays extremely fast. They're up and down, they're athletic.

You have to push yourself at practice to go after that and to be prepared for it. If you practice harder, you know, than you did the day before, you're getting tougher and better. That's the best way I could say it.

Besides all the noise and everything else, you can't simulate -- I can't pay 20,000 people to go sit in a crowd and watch our practice. You just have to go out there when you first get out there on the court, take it in, look around for a minute, and at that point say, Okay, I took it in. Now everything is between the lines. Don't worry about the crowd. All here today; gone tomorrow.

We got to live with ourselves.

Q. In a tournament like this, how much time do you get to kind of size up your initial bracket and really see how you match up against your first opponent, I guess, with both teams that you might face in this regional?
KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, that's a great question. Obviously Monday night it's a pretty quick turnaround, and when you head out on the road on Wednesday, you don't have that many days to prepare. So Monday night after, or Monday earlier when the bracket was released, we had an opportunity to start looking at K-State. Great team, great league. Myself, I had a chance to watch a ton of film.

But as the head coach, I don't really look too far ahead. I think that's kind of on my assistant coaches. We had one of our assistants doing the K-State scout, one of my assistants doing the Robert Morris and one doing Louisville to prepare for the next round.

But try to digest, try to see different opponents, so K-State, what is their style of play, is there anybody in our league that they're similar to, what's their defense, anybody in our league that they're similar to, and go through those scouts in our league in preparation for them.

Quick turnaround, but quite a few days to just kind of get ready and prepare for them. But they're different than the next two opponents. But we try not to look too far ahead, especially from our kids' perspective and just concentrate on our first game.

Q. As a follow-up, you had a week off since the Big Ten Tournament, but how much did that atmosphere really kind of prepare you for this kind of event?
KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I think even in the beginning of the year, we challenged ourselves early on over Thanksgiving and went down to Florida and played in a tournament where we played three days in a row, and we played against Missouri, Texas and Washington in that tournament in preparation for the Big Ten Tournament and for the NCAA Tournament.

So the Big Ten Tournament was, I mean, a great atmosphere. Our first game we hadn't played in a while, and we were playing a Wisconsin team who had two upsets. So they were playing their third game in three days before we played our first game. So it took us a little bit to get going against a team that had nothing to lose.

But we found our groove, and then the next day we got a chance to play in the semis versus Maryland. Great atmosphere, great basketball game, just a tremendous game. We wound up coming up on the short end of it by a point, but that was really preparation for us for the NCAA Tournament.

We did have a week to prepare. It kind of gave us a chance to take a day off, let our kids get back in the classroom. Michigan is a tough academic school, really get back in the classroom, concentrate on their academics, but then have an opportunity to practice things that we needed to get better at in advance of the NCAA Tournament before we knew our opponent. So it was a great week of prep for us.

Q. Two-part question: How much did you know about Kansas State and their head coach before you even started looking at the film? And you talked about trying to figure out who they're like in the Big Ten; what did you find when you looked at the film in terms of who they remind you of?
KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, you know, obviously I've coached in the Big East, and I have assistant coaches that are now in the ACC, so if we were playing a team from one of those leagues, I would probably have a little bit more knowledge about them than I do about a team from the Big 12. But two years now we've had a chance to play teams from the Big 12.

I just know their coach was a long-time coach at TCU, as well. Very successful coach. Runs a match-up zone, and that's kind of what they're known for a little bit, switches up defense, might do a triangle-and-two or might do a box-and-one, just throws a number of different things at you from the defensive end.

So in preparation thinking about Northwestern and kind of what we've done against Joe McKeown is a guy that has run a match-up for a long period of time and kind of what we've run against them, what has been successful through the years against them. So probably similar to them. But they also then are five-out offensively and do a lot of five-out stuff. So their bigs shoot threes, as well.

So we've faced that a number of times this year. We've faced that going back to like a Villanova-style team where they're cutting through, motion offense, five-out, really moving well without the basketball. So have had a couple of days so prepare for that, as well, so I hope that answers your question.

Q. How much do you buy into the whole idea about coming into a different arena and trying to get -- not so much used to the atmosphere but like depth and all that with the shooting? Is that kind of overstated, or is there something to it?
KIM BARNES ARICO: Well, I think in my younger day, stuff like that used to drive me crazy. Oh, my gosh, do we need to get there, do we need to shoot, do we need to practice there, how important is that. And I think as you get older, you kind of settle in a little bit and realize that just how I react is how my players will react. So I want my players to come into any arena and feel confident and not worry about how big it is, what the depth is. You know, just be confident in your shot and not worry about the wrong things and control the things we can control. So when we go into practice today, that's not even going to be something that's discussed for the next couple days. We're just going to go in there and do our shooting drills like we normally do our shooting drills, have our practice like we normally have our practice, and just try to keep our confidence and our focus on the basketball game and not so much the arena we are playing in.

This place is outstanding. You know, it's a great arena. It's a great facility. So I think our kids will be excited about the environment more than anything else and excited to have an opportunity to show themselves individually and show our Michigan team on the big stage.

Q. Does it help that you don't have to travel real far to a game like this?
KIM BARNES ARICO: It's amazing. I mean, I love it, and we didn't know, you know, all the preliminary brackets and everything else, if we were going to be in California. Last year we were in Texas.

I think it means a lot to the families of our kids to be able to be here and support them in the NCAA Tournament. I mean, that's something that's really important when you can look up and you have achieved the greatest thing you can achieve from a basketball standpoint is getting to the tournament, and to look up and see your parents in the stands is really important, and sometimes when you go that far from home on a quick turnaround, your parents aren't able to make those plans and get there. So I think it's really important to the players and our program that they have their family support there and a ton of them -- probably almost everyone will have someone from their family there.

But I also think it's really important for our Michigan community. Two boys just walked in from our school paper, from The Michigan Daily, and they're here. I know our practice guys, that practice against us every single day said, "Coach, we're not going to miss it. We are getting up, we're missing class, don't tell anybody, on Friday, but we are leaving Friday morning and we are going to be there. We're going to be there to support our team."

It's great that we're in driving distance and we are going to have people from our community here, as well, so I'm excited about that.

Q. The last tournament you didn't have Hailey Brown, she was out in a season-ending injury. How do you think your presence at this tournament is going to change the outlook for you guys?
KIM BARNES ARICO: Well, Hailey Brown is an outstanding player. For those of you that don't know her, she's from Canada. She plays for Team Canada. She's played for the Canadian national team, a U-19 team for a number of years, and she's just a tremendous asset. She's a really skilled post player, knocks down threes for us, and she's playing with a lot of confidence right now, as well.

Even in the Big Ten last year, she wasn't in the Big Ten Tournament, and this year coming into the Big Ten, we were on the bus driving to the arena last week, and all I hear was Hailey Brown's voice in the back of the bus, I thought, golly, I haven't heard her speak this much all season long, but I think it was her excitement for the opportunity to play in the Big Ten Tournament and the NCAA Tournament because she missed that last year.

So she is an integral part of our rotation. She's a starter for us, shoots the three exceptionally well. We're happy that she's healthy and ready to go.

Q. This is the second year in a row you guys have been able to make it, it's the first time in your tenure as a coach that you've gone back-to-back tournaments. How did last year's experience and how does it help make you maybe more comfortable coming into this year, the fact that those players last year won a game at this event and they know kind of what to expect here in the first game of this tournament?
KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I mean, you've been with us for the long haul, so you've seen the program's development and you know the year-by-year improvement and the brick-by-brick development. We were devastated and we felt like we got the snuff three seasons ago, and we went on to win the WNIT with some tremendous players like Katelynn Flaherty and Jillian Dunston and for us to get in the NCAA Tournament last year was a tremendous feat after what happened.

But coming into this season with the loss of Katelynn Flaherty, and for those of you that don't know her she scored over 2,700 points for us, all-time leading scorer, man or woman, and when she graduated, the big question was how is Michigan going to respond to that and how are they going to be able to bounce back from that?

I think led by Nicole Munger and Hallie Thome, our senior class but our entire program said, no, we are going to respond and we are going to show that it's not just one year, like we are a program and we're going to be there year in and year out and we want to take the next steps in the program.

So I think Hallie Thome and Nicole Munger kind of said coming into this year, no, we're going to continue to do it, and their experience has kind of led us through this season, and I think it's been invaluable. Hallie's numbers are down from last year. She's not scoring as much. She's not rebounding as much. But her presence on the court has been unbelievable for our freshmen like Naz Hillmon, for Hailey Brown, for a Kayla Robbins. And her experience, when she's not our leading scorer sometimes she has the most assists.

So she it understands the game, Nicole Munger understands the game. They know what it takes to get to this point of the season, and I think that is kind of what carried our team through, and I think that's what helped us get here with a level of confidence.

Going into the Big Ten Tournament, our team really felt, and I'm sure you felt this from them, even through a tough January, we were going to win the Big Ten championship, and when we didn't, they were devastated. This gives them an opportunity to go out again and show the world Michigan basketball. So they're playing with a lot of confidence. I think those two have led the way with their leadership and their experience.

Q. Coach, I know size has been one of the team's greatest strengths throughout this year. So how do you plan on taking advantage of that tomorrow against Kansas State?
KIM BARNES ARICO: Yeah, I think Kansas State's goal, and just from watching them, and they've had some tremendous wins against Texas, played Baylor real tough, I think their goal was to try to keep you from getting the ball inside. So they really push their defense out to try to use their length from the top to try to not allow those posts up. But we know that's one of our keys tomorrow. Obviously rebounding but also establishing our posts. Hallie Thome is tremendous inside. Hailie Brown, Kayla Robbins, but Naz Hillmon, who is a freshman for us, really came on the scene and had a tremendous freshman season, and we need to establish our posts early. That's a difference maker for us, and that's a place where we have to go early in the ball game and often.

Q. I want to get Hallie and Nicole, both you guys, this question: Two years ago obviously was really disappointing. Last year going into the tournament was the goal all year. Now you're back this year, but did both of you expect to be here and kind of how did you see this season going? Is it kind of what you thought it would be?
HALLIE THOME: I think it was more than what we thought. A lot of people I think doubted us in the beginning, losing such a high scorer in Katelynn Flaherty and Jillian Dunston, who had such a big impact on defense, but I think everyone stepped up to it. We had a lot of people coming on. I think the most exciting part about our team is you can't just key in on one player. Any night any person can go off. So it's a very special team and we knew that from the start.

It's exciting being here, and I think everyone is ready to take full advantage of it.

NICOLE MUNGER: I'm just really proud of our whole team. Everyone worked their hardest day in day out to get to this point. Easily could have quit, whereas end of January things got really tough but we came together and we got better and we proved that we deserve to be in this dance and it's really exciting.

Q. Naz, what has the leadership and what you've learned from a player like Hallie Thome meant to you? Obviously you came in and made a splash as a freshman. Did she take you under your wing at all?
NAZ HILLMON: She definitely took me under her wing, into her house. But Hallie has been a big help. Just coming to practices you could see me talking to her about plays, and the other team about as much as I talked to coaches. She's been a great help on and off the court. I've talked about how she's helped me on the court but mentally she's tried to help me anything I needed, sending me texts when I need it. Just really being there whenever she can be. Being such an amazing player that she is I really appreciated it and I've learned a lot from her this year.

Q. Last year in the tournament you guys didn't have Hailey Brown after she suffered a season-ending injury. How do you think her return to the lineup this season is going to help you guys essentially make a deeper run?
HALLIE THOME: Hailey is a special player, being a post player that can shoot the three outstandingly. It's hard for team to guard her. So it's nice having her because she opens the floor a lot, but then she can also go in and get physical in the post.

But just her energy on the court, the way she plays, she just has a calmness to her, which I think makes everyone around her feel even though the game is close, we're always good.

NICOLE MUNGER: Yeah, having Hailey in the lineup definitely changes they dynamic of our team, like Hal said. Having her back is going to be great and open up the court with her three-point shooting for us.

Q. I'm just wondering, what are you guys' feelings about being in the tournament? Obviously two seniors up there and then Naz being a freshman, for the two seniors, how does it feel that this is going to be your last tournament? And then Naz, maybe like how nice is it to make it in your first year in college?
HALLIE THOME: Okay, it's definitely nice. I mean, this is on our goal sheet from the beginning of the year, so to be able to make it here in the first place is very competitive, hard to get in. So I think that just stands a lot for our season that we've had, and it's exciting being here and all the teams know, a lot of media have been saying don't play Michigan right now because we're on a roll and we know what to do. So I think it's just a credit to our team. So it's exciting to see all of our hard work pay off and to see that we've made it here and that we can go for a run.

NICOLE MUNGER: I'm just really proud of the team and how we fought. Like I was saying earlier, the fact that we were down at the end of January and just continued to fight and we stuck together I think is really a testament to all our hard work and really proud of everybody.

NAZ HILLMON: This is really exciting for me. I know that everybody doesn't get to be in this tournament and everybody doesn't get this opportunity, as the seniors know from a few years ago, but I'm really excited and just really trying to soak everything in and not take it for granted how blessed I am to be here.

Q. Who on your team is coming in with a hot hand? Who do you feel like is really coming on the last part of the season on your team?
HALLIE THOME: So it's hard to just say one person because I think our whole team, any given night, like I said, anyone can go off. But the best part of our team is our depth. That's what we said from the beginning. Having Naz, someone who could easily be a starter, off the bench, that's exciting. Her ability to affect the game the way she does is outstanding for a freshman in the first place, but just anyone, doesn't matter what year you are, to make that impact on the game is incredible. And then you have our juniors, Kayla Robbins and Akienreh Johnson, they have definitely broken out of their shells this year and have been critical players in tight games.

It's very exciting to have the depth we have this year and to be able to use it to our advantage.

Q. Hallie, every time I see you on the court, you have a smile on your face, whether it's the end of a game, in a pressure situation, or it's the start of a game against a team from the Mid-American Conference. It doesn't matter. Where do you get the joy for the game, and how do you think that has helped your team?
HALLIE THOME: I think this year I made it like clear to myself to kind of don't be like counting down the days like, oh, my God, I only have this many games left, be present, be in the moment. A lot of that is taking the nervousness away, I'm just out here playing basketball. And I do think it's helped our team a lot. Before every games and before the coaches come in, I scream, "What are my two rules?" And it's play hard and have fun. If you play hard and have fun, and that's how we're been going the second half of the Big Ten and into the Big Ten Tournament.

Those are the two rules, play hard and have fun and it's worked. It kind of reminds you of why you started playing basketball in the first place. It's not putting up stats, like don't worry about the numbers. If you go out there, play hard and have fun, that all takes care of itself.

I think having the composure definitely helps in those tight-game situations, like in the Wisconsin one just being able to bring everyone in in the second overtime, I think guys are fresh, we're good. Just putting things in perspective and kind of cracking a laugh when everyone is a little nervous, just to ease the mood, and I think just that gives them confidence, and I think it helps me, too, by doing that. It's nice to see. I mean, I have all the confidence in the world in my teammates, but in tight situations, like everyone gets a little anxious. That's just reminding them of the confidence and just acting like I know what I'm doing, even though sometimes I have no idea what I'm doing, but it definitely works, and it's paid off for sure.

Q. This is for Nicole: During the Big Ten season you guys had a lot of close games, ended up winning a lot of those close games. How do you feel those finishes have prepared you for the tournament?
NICOLE MUNGER: Oh, definitely. I think we practice those every day in practice, just end-of-game situations, what we're going to call, and try to call the right plays and just the right reads for which person, and I think moving forward into these tournaments it's going to be a gritty game every single time, and it's going to come down to singular possessions that are going to win or lose games for you.

So I think having the games in the Big Ten conference, we had a really strong conference this year, it's just going to prepare us so well for what we're going to face.

Q. You guys have a size advantage on most teams in the country. I was wondering from an offensive and defensive perspective, what does that allow you guys to do to maybe like prevent teams from scoring or establishing your own offensive efficiency?
NAZ HILLMON: We talk about every day in practice and every game how our length can affect teams. We know when we play like taller teams, we know how that can affect them on offense or defense, so we just have to take advantage of that, especially on defense, make sure we have our hands up and doing things to affect and alter their shots or their game, as well as going into I think the depth of our length. I mean, we just have so much of it, not just the starting five but the next five that come off the bench.

So having that, so many people can do so many things. You have Hal, that can switch and having so much diversity, and we're just very versatile.

HALLIE THOME: I think our length has been tremendous this year. I think 12 has been a whole new level for us because we have Naz Hillmon at the top. Her long arms and just long everything and athletic ability, that's definitely when we need a spark, Naz comes in and we go for 12 right away and we always get the turnovers we need to spark her offense.

And then I think just that helps offensively our length, it's kind of hard to guard, like a lot of teams, even if we've been able to run like a certain set for some guards this year because our guards are taller than most. So being able to just take advantage and realize we have a size advantage has definitely helped this year.

NICOLE MUNGER: Like they're saying, I think we're a lot more versatile because having the size in there because you can pick on different defenders, like Hal said, work hard so we can post them up. And also creating mismatch problems, even our post, like Hallie can really shoot the three, and she's still a tall guard, but we have two other beasts in the inside. So I think it's just really great for match-ups and use it to our advantage.

Q. This is for anyone up there. It's really rare that a 16 seed beats a 1 seed. What are you guys going to do to try to put Robert Morris on this short list?
THE MODERATOR: Start here with Nia.

NIA ADAMS: We prepare. This is just our next game and that's how we like to see it. We know it's a big game, but we don't try to put too much emphasis on it. We just go out there, practice and prepare like we do for the next game.

THE MODERATOR: Nneka.

NNEKA EZEIGBO: Like she said, we always focus on our next game. Basically we focus on our defensive principals. Defense is a big part of our game, so just keeping a strong focus on what we need to do next and what we need to accomplish on the next possession.

NINA AUGUSTIN: Yeah, our coaches never put emphasis on if you're the 1st seed or the 16th seed. We're going to try to play with our strength and take away theirs.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. What do you feel like Louisville strengths are? If you could each answer that question.
NINA AUGUSTIN: I think we're a pretty fundamental team. So just like focusing on our defensive principals. I think that will be our strength in this I game. Keeping our own pace.

NNEKA EZEIGBO: On our side I think a big strength is just continuing to attack. Just continue to read on each possession. I think post will play a big part of the team, and then also focusing on our guards to be able to lead us with communication and keeping us moving.

NIA ADAMS: For our strengths, like Nneka said, we have strong attack points. Like whether it's from our post or the guard. We have drivers, shooters, and post players that can bang. Like we know what to do and we just play to our strengths.

Q. Being a young team, do you feel a lot of pressure to be a leader?
NIA ADAMS: I wouldn't really say it's pressure. It comes naturally only because of my teammates. They look for me to do certain things and they also help me. Like being a leader doesn't always mean just one person. You don't always have to be a senior to be a leader as well. I think they help me in those aspects.

Q. For Nia, so this isn't your first go-round. I think, correct, it's the third?
NIA ADAMS: Yeah.

Q. So what makes this NCAA appearance different than the other two?
NIA ADAMS: Good question. What makes this one different I think is definitely the experience part of it. First one with UCONN was a lot of jitters. UCONN is such a -- like just the name just brings you like chills.

Notre Dame, we built up confidence and wasn't as much nervousness as UCONN game, and I think this game we're ready. We're prepared. We're doing all we can to just compete and go out there and just play the game like we know how to.

Q. Just a follow up to that real quick. For Nneka and Nia, what are you talking to the freshman and sophomores about, underclassmen? Any words of advice when it comes to a stage like this one?
NNEKA EZEIGBO: We just try to instill confidence in our freshman. They're basically not freshman anymore. They make mistakes, all of us do. Just being able to move on to the next play and keep playing strong. Our coach always talks about whether we're here or away, it doesn't matter. We worry about what's between the lines. Just worry about the game and being able to play strong for 40 minutes.

NIA ADAMS: I think Nneka just pretty much just said all. Just instilling confidence in our underclassmen. Like she said, our freshman and sophomores play a lot of minutes. They're not really freshman. They know that and they know their abilities and what we can do as a team.

Q. Nina, talk about your approach to the NCAA tournament. Obviously Nneka has experiences, and Nia has her third game now. This is your first.
NINA AUGUSTIN: I think it's our strengths kind of, that we have experienced players that have been through this, and then we have the younger players like me that we've never been here. It's more exciting.

I think we have a little bit of everything there, so I think that's good.

Q. Nneka, talk specifically about you having to face the forwards from Louisville. Obviously a tougher test than you've had since nonconference play.
NNEKA EZEIGBO: Facing Louisville's post is definitely going to be a challenge, but a challenge I'm willing to accept. Just one step the at a time focusing on what I need to do to help my team.

It's definitely going to be a fun challenge seeing something different and experiencing a different level of play.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for these ladies? If not, we'll let them go early and get ready for practice. Ladies, thanks for your time and good luck.

NINA AUGUSTIN: Thank you.

NNEKA EZEIGBO: Thank you.

NIA ADAMS: Thank you.

Q. Can you take us through what you saw on the last inbound, how you got your hand on it?
ROBBI RYAN: My player was actually open at first. But they are looking to pass into the post, so I had a chance to recover. They are just really close to each other, and I don't know if she bounce passed or not but I was able to leave my hand in there and tip it to Courtney and I just took off running.

Q. Hof got a pretty good look.
ROBBI RYAN: Yeah.

Q. And it hit like 17 times off the rim or something like that. What's that moment like, when you're watching it in super slow motion, I'm sure.
ROBBI RYAN: Yeah, it took forever. You could have blown on that ball and it would have went in. It was a scary moment for sure, but it was a great feeling when it rolled off the rim. I think Courtney grabbed it. It was just great feeling.

Q. Kianna, this game was basically indicative of the whole season. How did those previous disappointments really help you guys this time around, finally breaking through the second round and heading into the second weekend?
KIANNA IBIS: Every loss we've had, we've learned from it, and you know, we just knew it came down, like to a battle of possessions and just having those close games, especially in our conference, definitely helped us and prepared us for like the situation that happened today, and I'm glad we got the win today.

Q. Jamie, you had ten points today. Charli had mentioned you yesterday as a key player to spread the floor against Miami's bigs, so how did you feel your performance went today?
JAMIE LOERA: The game was really exciting. I'm just so happy we got the win. I'm so happy for our seniors, and just like Charli was saying, like the toughness we showed today, and I just tried to take any opportunity my teammates could create for me and they were really encouraging me and hyping me up to keep shooting. That helped me a lot to just keep that confidence going.

Yeah, I'm just really pumped up. I've been yelling for like a half hour.

Q. In this environment, fourth quarter, seemed like the lead was turning or somebody was tieing up on every possession. Do you even in the crowd at that point? Is there a home-court advantage, whether you were in Tempe or here or not, and in a game like that, does anything really matter?
JAMIE LOERA: Like Kianna was saying, just the number of really close games we've had this year has really prepared us for a fourth quarter like that.

In all honesty, I think our team really came together and we just had really good energy in that fourth quarter, and so you just block out everything else. You're just focusing on being connected and just every possession, and yeah, that toughness?

Q. I know that it just ended like ten minutes ago and you don't know who you're playing yet, but has it hit you there's a game for you Saturday in Portland?
COACH KATIE MEIER: Is that when we play? I've been trying to find out.

JAMIE LOERA: I'm just excited that we're still playing, and it's just really fun. I just want our whole team to make the most of this opportunity, and to just really have fun together and just play our best basketball.

Q. We talked inside the locker room, but again, stopping the twin towers, they got their rebounds, but they combined for 12 points, a lot of misses, well below both of their averages. Talk about the critical aspects of the game.
KIANNA IBIS: Their leading scorer, it was in our game plan to stop them. I mean, I thought Nea-Nea (ph) did a very good job. I thought Sophia did an amazing job, and our guards really helped us out today.

So it wasn't just a post effort. It was literally a team effort, and everybody helped to stop the post today.

Q. And Hof, she really did a number --
KIANNA IBIS: Yeah, Sophia's been working, she's tough, we're all tough, but even in the summer she's been working so hard and just to have this opportunity to go to the Sweet 16 and have her on our team and help us get there, I'm very proud of her and I'm happy we could do this together.

Q. Robbi, you started off very strong today. You hit one of your first shots and hit a three-pointer, how hard was that for you after not scoring in the first-round game?
ROBBI RYAN: That doesn't really matter to me, I guess, as long as my team's playing well. I don't really care if I score or not. Just whoever has the open looks on our team, that's who is going to take them. It's not a one-man team. Everybody can score. Yeah, felt good to hit a shot, but I was just doing it to help my team.

Q. Did those shots at the beginning give you more confidence for those free throws at the end?
ROBBI RYAN: Yeah, probably.

Q. The obligatory what-was-the-joke-of-the-day question. You did promise.
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I did promise. I don't know if you're going to will have. They didn't laugh as much as on this one our whole team was Desert Swarm Defense. I mentioned it -- we kind of change. We do more for our defense pretty much every game and our game plan was to pinch and double and make the guards beat us.

So fun fact for the day, okay, is that aerodynamically, bumblebees to shot be able to fly, but they don't know this, so they fly, okay. So we talked about, you know, "let's get our buzz on in Desert Swarm," and all this stuff.

So then when we got in the huddle -- what kind of bee is -- gosh -- what was it? Oh, what is the bee that's never heard. The mumblebee. And so we were just saying, like, "Get loud, get connected," just defensive things. Sorry. I'll have it better for this next weekend.

Q. You said "mumblebee"?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I said mumblebee, yeah. Telling the joke, I said a mumblebee, a loud team is a winning team, blah, blah, blah, yeah, it wasn't one of my better ones. I'm going on a theme. That's the hard part.

Q. A basketball one, if you'll indulge me.
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Please.

Q. Improv is done for the evening, I promise. Your view, you had a great angle of it obviously when she sticks her hand in there, and then the ball starts going the other way right by you. How much does the mood, the feeling, everything -- because they have a chance -- Miami has a chance to win the game, and then don't even get the ball in obviously. I'm sure you didn't anticipate getting a steal off that. What's that moment like when you see it unfold?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I felt bad for Sophia. We do a lot of end-of-the-game situations, and obviously when they got that rebound, our whole team knew to kick it out and she was just not quite in tune.

We're pretty confident in our defense, so if we've got a tie score, it's like, okay, we're going to overtime. That particular lineup, and we just went with who was in because we thought they were in the flow, and they were.

They were just really connected. You'd be surprised at how many times we've made some plays like that at the end of games. We did it at Maples one year. It's knowing how to take games, knowing how to take games, knowing how stay aggressive and this team does know how to do this.

Q. I hope you have a good heart, but how was your heart like on that final shot, its rolling, it's rolling, it's rolling.
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I'm like, don't let her iso -- I was fine if we went into overtime. I thought we had depth, you know, and I was just overjoyed when it went out.

Yeah, I mean, it was halfway down. It was literally halfway down, obviously, and you know, it was -- and it was a tough shot and she can make it. I've seen her make that shot probably in all my film last night, you know, at least 50 times.

Q. Was it like a spinning layup?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: She's very good at the long layup on the left. She's very good at the long layup on the left. I always joke, a little luck, a little bit of luck.

At the same time I thought it was solid defense and it was a contested shot. We didn't let her get around us. They are very good at getting around you and they like the clean looks. I thought we did a great job on two amazing post players.

Q. So this mission is accomplished. What's your next mission?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, the next mission is to get to the Elite 8, yes, and you know, this is the fun thing about this team this year, is you know -- I think in other years, it's like okay, great, that's probably what we can do.

This team, they have played, you know, Baylor, Oregon, Louisville, to the last possession right there. I mean, we've had four games like that, Stanford. I mean, I think that they know, if they do what they need to do, they can beat anybody in the country.

So we are going to take it one game at a time. But you know, we are just excited to be dancing right now.

But I honestly, going into the tournament, it's like, okay, whoever, we'll just play whoever, we're good. We've seen it all. I think Mississippi State or Clemson, they are playing right now? Okay.

Q. How proud are you of this team, to finally break through, to defeat that elephant in the room and make it to the Sweet 16?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I'm just so happy for them. Again, you guys have followed our season and know how close we've been. We could have been a 2-seed or something, just close out a few more games.

They are a great group. I've been asked a lot what defines this group what defines this group; their selflessness. Zero people worried about playing time or anything. Everybody on that team is overjoyed. We never have any, you know, anybody disgruntled after a game. I've never had that in my career. Usually there's maybe somebody, "Oh, I'm happy we won but I'm not" -- this team is amazing that way.

So they have been incredible, and the seniors, this is a great senior class, as people. They are better people even than they are as basketball players.

Q. How excited to be heading to Portland?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: For any of our fans tuning in that said you were coming to Portland, book your tickets. A lot of our fans -- it's a pretty quick turnaround, so it was tough for them to get out here. But a lot of our fans assured us that they would be making it to Portland.

It's fantastic. We have players from the northwest and we'll have a little bit better fan base and West Coast time zone. Seriously, I don't care where we play. We're just happy we get to keep playing.

Q. You mentioned yesterday about bringing in Jamie to play four. What did you think of her impact on the offensive end scoring double-digits?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: It was incredible. Notice I waited until the fourth quarter and then I put my dual threat in, and I thought it worked really well, and then Jamie got a little tired.

But Sophia was having a great game at the same time, so you know, it worked beautifully, because obviously their bigs are not used to defending shooters on the perimeter. They actually did a good job a lot of the game, especially on Kianna. They are not -- pretty much for the whole season, they don't really guard, and whoever was switching on and everything, and they started switching everything, which they don't usually do. They made some great adjustments. Took us awhile.

Obviously we didn't score very well. Took us awhile to make some adjustments. But Jamie and Kianna really worked well.

Q. You've talked all year about how deep your team is; talk about how the depth of your team makes such a better team and how it helps you guys?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I thought, you know, we had maybe a little more energy. I thought they, you know, they were a little -- they are used to playing those minutes, but I said -- I said our bench, I think our bench is going to be the difference in the game going into this game, and I think they were.

It's so amazing to sometimes be able to sub and get better in certain areas, and we do. I mean, Nea is a phenomenal defender, rebounder, but we needed to score and here comes Sophia and here comes Jamie.

You know, it's huge for us, and it's going to serve us well, obviously in Portland.

Thank you.

Q. Laura, Coach broke down that last play. What did you see on it?
LAURIE CORNELIUS: Had the ball out for us. We were running a play, got me open for the three -- I think I got open early. Checked on them and she looked at Emese and she looked at me and that's when I got denied. That play hurt us, but we still got a shot. I think we got our chance before that, even and I think we played a heck of a basketball game, and it's really tough to lose like this at home.

Q. Great rebounding performance. When you look at the loss, it's tough, but how would you evaluate your performance from today?
BEATRICE MOMPREMIER: I just went out there and tried my hardest, if it was rebounds, rebounding, that's what I had to do to help my team.

Q. When you try and put this season in perspective, this loss is a heartbreaker, the way it finished, but what you were able to do, two top five wins, it seemed every ranked opponent you were in the ballgame. What can you is say about the season?
LAURIE CORNELIUS: The season has definitely been one of the most fun seasons I've ever played in my life. I will go to war any day with my teammates. I love my seniors. I love every single person on this team. We played our hearts out. We had a wonderful season, some great wins, tough loss, but overall, we loved each other along the way.

But right now, it's -- right now it's hard to look back at that, but it will come.

Q. Laura touched on how special this group was, and you fell short on your ultimate goal, but this group, what they were able to accomplished, what will you think most about?
COACH KATIE MEIER: I'm smiling already. I tell you, you can coach a lifetime; every day, when I came to work, I had a team -- and not every day, not everybody, I'm not that nave, but most of the time, the entire team, or at least 85 percent of the team, was really interested in getting better. Just interested in getting better for two hours or three hours, or whatever time we got to spend together.

And then off the court, it was like a vacation. To be around them, to be on a road trip with them, it's people you want to be around, right. I love them. We had a lot of fun.

Emese and Kayla are, if you don't have the pleasure of knowing them, they are two of the best student athletes that have ever graced this community and their footprint on this campus, they have put their footprint over everything. It's everywhere. It's in community, in community service, charitable work. My heart, they just stomped all over my heart with tons of love. They are in there for ever.

Yeah, it's going to be tough -- it's going to be tough to ever even close my eyes and think of coaching again without Kayla and Emese. It's going to be tough.

Q. What was your message to both of them, and especially Emese? She's probably going to replay that in her head, and I saw you talk to her. What was your message to her?
COACH KATIE MEIER: I whispered something in her, it's between the two of us, but it's so personal with her.

Yeah, I mean, we promised each other every day in recruiting, her dad asked if I would hug her, and I said, that's not going to be a problem. I hugged her more than once. I think our last two shots were Bea and Emese, if that's correct? I executed plays for exactly that purpose. You know, call me an idiot. I know they weren't having a great game, but my God, and you're crazy if I'm not going to those two kids in that moment, and I did. Both of them went in and out. I love both calls. I'd do it again.

I said to our team, I think we really executed very, very well. Arizona State ran a couple things and got a couple shots that those weren't their star players, those weren't their headliners, right. That happens. We were struggling from the three and we were struggling inside and we still had the ball to win or tie. We really worked through a lot tonight, so that shows you the resilience of my team.

Q. You mentioned about Arizona State defense. What were they doing specifically, like Emese didn't get too many touches in the first half.
COACH KATIE MEIER: She didn't have much freedom of movement. She got jammed up a lot.

Q. Courtney and Kianna, how did you feel the freshmen did in their first NCAA Tournament game? How has that helped them build confidence for tomorrow night's game against Miami?
UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: I thought they did great. They didn't let their nerves get to them or anything. We talked to them before the game and said, enjoy the moment. It's the NCAA Tournament, and it's win or go home. So go hard. I think the win gives them confidence and getting that first-game jitters out definitely helps.

Q. Courtney, does everything seem more settled once you get past the first one? I think you got in late Wednesday night or something like that, the traffic situation, getting here for practice, everything probably seemed rushed. Obviously the stakes go up. Does it seem a little more chill or calm when you get through the first one?
COURTNEY EKMARK: I think so. It's always nice to get one under your belt, and having a game last night it's nice to get the pregame jitters out of the way. Now we're focused on winning this next one.

Q. Kianna, I'm sure you have seen the film. But their bigs especially, they're imposing and what Miami is going to want to do. What was your impression?
KIANNA IBIS: They're versatile and they can run the floor very well. We know it's a team effort in guarding them. We're not going to have just a one-on-one game all the time we know that. So we need to lock in and play some good defense against them.

Q. Describe the motivation level of you, the seniors and the team to try to get over the hump of the second round?
COURTNEY EKMARK: Yeah, especially my past three seasons here, you know, we've only gone to the second round and there is many times where we could have advanced. We were so close in the second game, you know, and we just had that little more sense of urgency and hunger for that Sweet 16 because I know all of our seniors want it, and I know all of our juniors want it. We have to get our freshmen on board, if anything, this is the time to do it.

KIANNA IBIS: I agree, especially being a senior, every game could be your last. So we're going to go out and leave it all out there.

Q. To any of you, how do you balance playing freely while the pressure ramps up for each round you advance?
REILI RICHARDSON: I think we're always just playing freely. We know each other's strengths and we know what we're going to do as a group. So I think we just play to our strengths and help each other with it.

Q. Reili, how do you look to feed the post players? You could turn Miami tides with Emese Hof and Beatrice Mompremier.
REILI RICHARDSON: We have great posts down low, so we're looking inside every game. Getting the ball down and Kianna is one of our best scorers, so getting her the ball.

Q. Reili, last night UCF missed 10 of their first 11 or 11 of their first 12, and I know last night is neutral. But on the road it's important to start setting a defense tone. How critical will it be to take the crowd out of it here tomorrow?
REILI RICHARDSON: We play as our defense goes so we try to pick up the pressure and we force you to miss the shot. I think not giving the other team strength.

Q. Courtney, I know you're focused on here, Arizona State, but do you ever look at the rings and remind yourself what you're playing for this time of year?
COURTNEY EKMARK: Maybe. I don't know. I know that it's an amazing feeling going to the Final Four, winning a national championship, so that's just what I want to bring here.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. Good luck.

We have Arizona State head coach Charli Turner Thorne with us. Coach, if you could start us off with an opening statement?

CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Absolutely. We're just kinda madly prepping. I am not a coach that is good at looking ahead, even though I knew Miami had a fantastic team. Now I really know after watching a lot of film last night how fantastic they are. They remind me kind of of a mix between Oregon and UCLA in our conference, so we know that kind of rebounding is something that we have faced pretty regularly and transition game and just explosive offense and just the mixing up of the defenses. But they do it really well. I was proud of our team last night. Thought we had a great defensive effort and everybody came out healthy, so that's good.

Q. Coach, they make it an intimate spot with the drapes and whatever, but in that setting it was a very good atmosphere. But how hard will it be to replicate the defensive start you had last night tomorrow night?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: It will be important to replicate the first three quarters minus a minute and then play the fourth quarter. The difference will be forty minutes. We're going to have to play good defense for forty minutes to play a team like Miami.

Q. Everybody knows the history. You've been in this game a bunch of years in a row and Miami has been here five out of six or whatever it is and there is that "hump."
Do you talk about it or do the kids understand that the Sweet 16 is a new place for most of them, obviously. Do you talk about getting there or do they know it on their own?

CHARLI TURNER THORNE: We don't talk about it. We talk about it briefly. It's three tournaments. It's one weekend at a time. Look at it that way, two games. It's like a Pac-12 weekend. It's that caliber of basketball. But I know they talk about it a little bit and they think about it. You're right. This group that we have, I think they missed out on the Sweet 16. So this has been a little bit elusive for them. But we try to be pretty in the moment, kinda performance, goal-based team. If we take care of everything then we will get what we want. But, you know, it's kind of the unsaid big elephant in the room.

Q. Lastly, can you take us through the tick-tock of the last 16, 18 hours, whatever it's been? I know you rely on your staff for the scout and all that, but how much film have you crammed? Did you get any sleep? No one gets enough sleep, but getting ready for practice this afternoon?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: That's a great question and a lot of people have really no idea. Obviously you do, probably how much preparation a lot of coaching staffs do. I have one of hardest working coaching staffs in the country. We kind of took Christmas off and then before that it was probably August. We don't take days off. We work. It was a long night. I'm the defensive coordinator and Angie Nelp is the offensive coordinator and we split up the duties. We were all watching film and we got briefed on highlights from last night's game and I'm still probably six, seven hours, like from really owning where I want to be. But I picked some up at the beginning of the week and last night it was getting through our game, getting back to Miami and preparing for practice.

Q. (Away from mic.)
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: You know what, especially for us this year, we are probably more scout-specific maybe than ever and we have always been a well prepared team, so things will evolve from today's practice to tonight's meeting to tomorrow's shootaround. I think we have a good sense of things, but as I continue to watch, I'm sure we will. Yeah, we might, and that was even with Central Florida, adjusting, do we deny all over the floor. I'm kind of a filmaholic and sometimes I'm a little slow, takes me watching three, four times to figure out what I want to do. I'm probably safe to say I'm still kind of figuring it out.

Q. How do you balance wanting someone to play freely as the pressure ramps up?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Oh, you know, that's a question for this team, you know? You look at our experience and you think, oh, you know, they've been to the NCAAs, they played in the Pac-12. It's a great question. You know, the whole elephant in the room, getting to the Sweet 16, I think it is something for this team. As coaches we tell jokes. We have the joke of the day. We try to make 'em laugh. We do things to -- and they use their tools, mental freedom techniques, tapping, a lot of different things to help them overall with their physiology to help them to stay relaxed. I think it's important that coaches set the tone with that, that we stay positive throughout the game, help them stay connected. Ultimately, though, it's up to them to rise to the occasion and have each other's back. You guys have seen some games we do that amazingly well and sometimes we fall a little short. I'm excited for them.

Q. What's going to be key for Kianna, Taya and Sophia to get position?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Position offensively or defensively?

Q. Offensively.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I think they are going to be pretty open on the perimeter. You've got Jamie Ruden who is shooting the ball well, and inside it's a hook shot day because not only are they big, but they will double in the post and stuff.

I imagine that Miami doesn't give up a ton of paint touches with their interior defense and that's okay. As you guys know, historically we love that. But this team hasn't really needed to rely on our points in the paint, so I think we will be okay.

Q. Would you talk about defensively as well?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Defensively, do your work early. That's what I would say. It feels a little bit like Baylor, with the Twin Towers and two really good posts, very versatile, play really well together. It's ironic, first week of the season and it's kinda coming full circle. And even just Oregon, other teams in the conference with really good inside games. I think we'll be ready as best we can. You are just going to contain. They're very good.

Q. First, can you share with us what the joke of the day today was?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, the problem with the joke of the day today was, how about if I share yesterday's? Why do blind people not like skydiving?

Q. I don't know.
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Because it freaks their dogs out. Okay, I didn't say they were great jokes. I have a tie-in for each joke and this is a tie-in about, do your job, and we're in this together. You want to talk about what keeps me up all night, pregame talk and motivation this and motivation this and we're all about that at ASU. The X's and O's come secondary to the jokes and the motivation.

Q. How did you feel the freshmen did last night in their first NCAA Tournament and how do you think that helps them for tomorrow?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I thought they did well, Taya came in, knocked down a three, was really good defensively. Iris got to the free throw line had some great transition passes and Jayde has a knack for coming in and being in the right place at the right time, scoring a layup. So I thought it was a great first game for them. I really did.

Q. Coach, yesterday the game between Miami and FCG really high-paced offensives on both sides and I was wondering if you think that plays into the hand of Miami or the goal is to slow down the game against the Hurricanes?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: What are you trying to say. We are deliberate? We don't play fast? We want to play fast! I think Miami is similar to the Pac-12 teams we play and obviously our goal is to slow them down. We don't want to slow down. We would like to keep the pace up on them a little bit and I think we push okay. We don't score always in transition. We don't have a lot of amazing guards, but I think we push the pace a little bit and it's going to be an intense, pretty fast-paced game, I think.

Q. Coach, kind of a question about your just way of going about it. For your defense, do you have the confidence to try to play like the way you've been playing all year or do you think you're going to throw new things in there, try and mix it up?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: You'll have to wait and see, won't you? We've actually had two defenses this year if anybody has noticed. I thought yesterday was kind of a very blended version of both of them. I told you I still have more film to watch, so we'll see.

Q. Some of your bigs can obviously shoot from the perimeter and there were times when Miami was in zone last night where they were daring. Emese Hof will stay home. Can that sometimes --
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Oregon State.

Q. It's a risky play, but does that play with the shooter's mind you?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: We have a couple teams. Actually Stanford. We are used to that and we know exactly how they are not going to guard and it does play with people's heads, 100%. But it won't be anything new to any of our players if they don't come out and guard them and I think we're adept at knowing when we want to shoot and keep moving the ball. But when Jamie Ruden and Kianna Ibis are in together, that's going to be an interesting match-up, I think.

Q. Can we know today's joke?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Today's is like an inside joke.

Q. I thought it was playing off the blind sky thing?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: No, it relates to something we do. It's in our inner bubble. I'll give you guys a joke tomorrow. Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach.


Q. Laura, you mentioned it feels like morning and all of you can answer that, but you mentioned it feels like morning. What is it like waking up today after playing a 9:00 start and the quick turnaround?
LAURA CORNELIUS: Obviously it's a quick turnaround, but we're still alive. A lot of teams went home and we're still playing. Happy to be playing tomorrow. We're going to sleep, rest a little bit, watch a lot of film and we will be ready again tomorrow.

Q. Laura, after the way the last couple of seasons ended with upset losses is it a weight lifted after getting through the first-round game against a team that gave you guys a scare in the second half?
LAURA CORNELIUS: Yeah, we knew Golf Coast was coming out in the second half and you know last year is last year and we don't care about that anymore. We know it's March and every team is going to give their best shot against us.

Q. Similar situation, you've been on this program a little bit. What would it mean to you to do what you have to do to get this team to the Sweet 16?
EMESE HOF: That would be awesome. It's our goal right now. It's going to be one game at a time and we have Arizona State in not of us and we're going to do everything in our power to win that game.

Q. Bea, what has been like to play these games at home? This is part of the reason you came back to Miami. What has it meant to you?
BEATRICE MOMPREMIER: Just like another home game. My family gets to come and our fans get to be here, so it's just another home game for us.

Q. For any of you, have you had a chance to do a little studying so far in your home state? What are you expecting so far?
LAURA CORNELIUS: I'm expecting them to play really hard against us. Obviously they have to, you know, sit back and watch our game they played before us. They're going to be ready. We're expecting they sub a lot of players, they play eight, nine, ten deep. So we have to know their scout. They looked good against UCF. We're going to give it our all and we definitely got to step up our game a little bit, too, yeah.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: They have a great team. We just watched film. They played a lot of close games against really good teams, 2 points against Louisville in the beginning of the season. They're definitely a good team, but so are we. We're excited for this match-up.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Everybody going to come and play their best game, you know, it could be their last game so everybody going to give it their all.

Q. You mentioned taking it game-by-game, obviously, but talk about the history. It's been a while since the Sweet 16, haven't made that kind of a run in a while. Throughout the season was it talked about? Was it a goal to take that next step finally?
LAURA CORNELIUS: I think in the beginning we said this is our goal and during the season we were just taking it one game at a time. But we're getting closer to that goal right now and right now it is the next game.

Of course, it's been something that everyone was driven to attain, and I think we're getting closer to it now. Yeah, we have to fire it up a little bit more even to get there.

THE MODERATOR: All right, ladies. Thank you.

We have Miami head coach, Katie Meier, joining us. Coach, if you could start off with an opening statement?

KATIE MEIER: Okay. Well, glad to be here. Quick turnaround, obviously, and thank God I have a great staff. I feel prepared in a very short time, but, yeah, very impressed with what Arizona State brings to the table. Cannot believe their composure, their assist-to-turnover ratio is incredible. They have great players who know what they do well and Charli does a great job of making sure they are able to play to their strength. Just an incredible team that probably was expecting to host. They had a season worthy of it, so, you know, it was an evenly matched game and we're excited.

Q. This team and this group, you have gone through so much with them. What would it mean if you were able to move on with this group in particular?
KATIE MEIER: Just any day that I get to extend my time with this group is meaningful, because I'm telling you, you can coach for a lifetime and not have such a special group. They're so different. There is so much joy, so much passion, there is so much trust and love. But, yeah, the upperclassmen have worked really hard and they've really, you know, their footprint that they're going to leave is bigger than their foot here. They have been amazing for this University and for this community. I want to extend it as long as I can.

Q. And for the program itself, it's been a while since Miami has been to the Sweet 16?
KATIE MEIER: Back when there certainty 64 teams, and one win got you there, right? We did that!

Q. Considering the disappointments the last couple of seasons, what would it mean?
KATIE MEIER: I guess the meaning comes later. We have a game tomorrow against Arizona State and I don't put anything more than that on it. I really don't.

Q. I'm sure at the start of the year, Sweet 16 is obviously one of the goals among many you guys set. Then throughout the season you take it game-by-game. Obviously now it's one game away. Does it come back into talks or is it just that one game?
KATIE MEIER: I don't believe we set a Sweet 16 goal with this particular team. I don't think we did. We were in the preseason NIT and we wanted to win that. It was short-term with this team. We cut this segment up and you can't say a goal that you don't have a match-up or tournament to address. I don't do vague stuff like that. I do believe we mentioned playing deep into March, wanted to play the second weekend, stuff like that. But the label of Sweet 16, got a great game tomorrow.

Q. Coach, Arizona State and Miami met home and home 2013, 2014. Because the philosophies don't change a great deal does that make preparing for this game easier on your staff?
KATIE MEIER: No! The coaches, Charli and I have been consistent in our careers, but I had such a different team. We had come off a nice, you know, top-10 kinda run there and we had sorta, we were rebuilding during that series and we did not have the type of sophistication that this team has.

I thought about looking back at those games, but I remember I know some of the stuff we did defensively. We don't do that anymore. What I love is when you're in a high-pressure game and you look down at the other coach in women's basketball and you have the utmost respect for that person and you know how hard they play, their players are treated well, that they play very well and play very fair. I really enjoy being in a big-time game against somebody that I'm like, you know what? Thank you for what you've done for women's basketball. And that's how I feel about Charli.

Q. You mentioned the turnaround. How quickly it is to go from a 9:30 start?
KATIE MEIER: We had to have pizza because we won and I had my pizza because we won.

Q. You had your pizza?
KATIE MEIER: I had my pizza.

Q. How do you feel like you're managing the turnaround and the girls are managing it?
KATIE MEIER: The girls are fine. I'm like, excuse me, you went to the hotel, slept and came back, the other adults in this room didn't sleep. We're ready to roll. That's kids! We're fine. We're built for this. We're built for this and my staff has had great experience in moments like this. I feel like yesterday even in the game there was a moment I thought to myself, yep, I've been coaching for a while and I know this was coming. So there was no panic.

So I think we're good and we can turn it around quick and I have so much faith in my staff. We've been together for a little bit so I didn't have to check the work, I knew Tia Jackson had this ready to roll and we went in with Blue this morning and I didn't even do the scout. I have so much faith in their ability that I wanted to get games in, so I could get a feel. What is the essence of this team? What do they do? What do they do on an 8-0 run? Sometimes you just go to the scout and you don't really know what you're dealing with and when I'm coaching a game there is a script and I knew that script was coming last night and I wanted to know what Arizona State's script is. I didn't even look at the script until this morning. I just watched the games.

Q. This team, some nights it's Bea, last night it was Endia. How huge is it in the tournament that anybody can have a big game at any moment?
KATIE MEIER: I think what's amazing is to be able to close your eyes as a coach and say, okay what's happening right now, the staff and Coach Blue does the substitution suggestions and just right now, this particular moment, some people have a consistent history, Laura, Bea, or Emese, Mykea, right there. But if Kelsey is up and down or Endia is up and down we will go with them. We have we have a history, but Endia Banks was just amazing. So Kelsey didn't have a lot of minutes because Endia just got to play it out.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach.

Q. For Courtney. Courtney, how crucial was it getting those two quick three-pointers to start the third quarter?
COURTNEY EKMARK: Getting ready to start the second half, Charli told me to light it up right before I started so I said, okay. I think that really got us off to a strong star the second half, which carried our momentum. Then we just have to do a better job of keeping our foot down.

But like Charli said now our plan is just to keep playing better and better as the tournament goes on.

Q. Courtney, how valuable is tournament experience? They had basically none. Your whole team has a lot, and you really have a lot, two championships in Connecticut. Did that pay off tonight a little bit?
COURTNEY EKMARK: I think so. We're definitely an experienced team. We have four seniors and we have juniors who have played a lot, and you know, it's our sixth tournament in a row for ASU. Definitely having that tournament experience helped us a lot.

Q. Kianna, 12-10 today. How important were those second-chance points in the flow of the game?
KIANNA IBIS: I mean, that's one of our goals for us posts and guards is to keep getting second shots because that's part of our best offense.

I mean, you know, it's win-or-go-home, so I was just trying to lock down and focus on rebounding today and the rest of the tournament.

Q. You guys dominated it the boards as well, a lot of offensive put backs the first quarter, first half. How big was that, relentlessly pounding the boards all night?
CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: Like Kianna said, we focus on second-chance shots because that's our best offense. Just being able to make a move and get the rebound and go right back up was pretty important.

Q. What was it like playing against an extensive aggressive zone, for all of you guys.
CAMRON GHORBI: Kianna, maybe you could start with that one.

KIANNA IBIS: It was definitely very physical today. Like Charli said, we play in like one of the best conferences, and you know, we've -- they are a pretty great team. I mean, it's been physical -- like it's been awhile since we played against a really physical team like them.

So we just -- we just knew we had to be aggressive and exceed their aggressiveness and keep punching.

Q. To any of the players. Is it difficult with basically no fan base here, coming all this distance? Is that difficult or you don't care, once you're on the court, you're on the court?
CAMRON GHORBI: Courtney, maybe you can start with that one.

COURTNEY EKMARK: I don't think it's difficult. We can bring our own energy.

COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: You didn't see our huge section behind the bench? (Laughter, cross-talk).

CAMRON GHORBI: You all are dismissed. Congratulations.

COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Should I share my battle wounds?

Q. What happened? Tell us.
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: We were out waiting to come in, they were talking about, "I got hit here, I got hit here," and all this stuff.

I said, "Yeah, I lost two nails."

Q. They nailed a lot of shots. Listen, you guys have been to the second round the last three years, I know you're sick of that. What's the mission? What's the mantra?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, that's a great question. The mission is to get past the second round. You know, it will be a formidable challenge. We'll play a very good Florida team.

Obviously Miami has had an amazing season, and you know, is in my opinion the best 4-seed in the tournament, just having beat Louisville, having beat Notre Dame. You can never count out Florida Coast, either.

Like I already said, we've played Louisville. We've played Baylor. We've played all in the Pac-12. So we know if we do what we need to do, and a lot of it is going to be about rebounding, you know, for the month of March, we can advance.

So I know that this team is capable. We just have to keep playing better, as I said.

Q. (No microphone).
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: You know, it's in here and it's in here, yeah. I mean, they -- like you said, this team, a lot of second rounds, and that's not what our program's about. We're definitely a team that can make a deep run, if they are ready to empty out and really lock in.

We had too many possessions off today to be honest, and they know it. So that effort is not going to get us to Portland. We know this.

But that's the great thing. We know this. They are not, ohhh in the locker room; oh my gosh, we won a game.

They are like, okay, what's next? We've already talked about potential opponents. They have some scouts. They are headed out to watch. We want to get to Portland, you know, and we want to -- we know, no matter who is in our way, we're capable of beating them if we play well.

Q. (No microphone. )
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: It's so funny, you send an Arizona team to Florida because everybody else would be in paradise. We're like, oh, yeah -- we're not as humid but we have the same gorgeous weather, so it's kind of lost on us. But it is beautiful here.

Q. For Courtney to get off with a 20-point outing, how important is it for her, especially, given her experience, going through this before?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, exactly. Well, she is probably the most, she has been the most closely guarded player that I've ever coached in 30 years of coaching and 25 as Division I coach. Every game in the Pac-12, she was just blanketed.

So when she knew we were playing against zone, she was like, yes. We knew she would get some good looks and she's just an amazing shooter. So you know, that's what she's capable of doing, and I think Colorado, first year, Pac-12 tournament, she had five or six threes and that really helps us.

It really helps us. She's definitely a tremendous player, and you can see she scores other ways, too. We don't really have five people shooting the 3-ball really well, so it makes a big difference when Courtney is on.

Q. How important of a player is Reili, who has a high assist-to-turnover ratio against an extended aggressive defense like UCF?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, and you brought up the defense, and we haven't played a team like this all year long, so it was -- it was a challenge. I think that's why Central Florida is so good. I mean, how many teams press the entire game?

You know, even when they were giving up stuff, they just -- you know -- and they do a great job of adjusting during the game, and so, okay, we're doing this, and we were ready for that. So when they adjusted, we adjusted whether we were 3 o'clock passing or picking them off. That's a lot to play against.

I thought Reili, she's got a great chance of graduating with our all-time assist record at ASU and we had Coach Briann January and some great players have come before her. She's running her team really well and she was integral to handle all that pressure, and when they were going to trap and you know, when their aggressiveness -- well, really their aggressiveness was from start to finish. I can see why, again, they had such a great season.

We don't usually turn the ball over that much, so they definitely sped us up and didn't allow a lot of flow. And I didn't really want to play her that long but she was doing such a great job, had to leave her out there.

Q. Last week one of the things in that loss to UCLA you touched on was losing the out-rebounding battle. How important was it to bounce back in this game and get the job done on the glass?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Yeah, like I said, it's everything in March. Rebounding wins championships, it's true, and possessions. It's a game of possessions.

I think we can still improve on our rebounding effort and obviously if we end up, depending on who we play, we could end up playing possibly the best offensive rebounding team in the country, so it's going to be huge.

Q. What was the message to your team when you took that early time-out in the fourth when UCF started to make a little bit of a run?
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: We're fine. I just wanted to settle them down. You know, I mean, obviously nobody is going to go away. It's March. You know, everybody, it's win-or-go-home and they made a great run. I said their run is over. Lock it down. You guard them this long, don't stop guarding them and that was the key, and just the little bit that they were going to keep being in passing lanes and getting more and more aggressive so he with just talked a little about that, just with our alignments.

Q. Obviously one of the keys was to really contain Kay Kay Wright, only player on the team scoring double figures. How did you succeed in doing that and do you think that will occur with your next opponent? It's probably doubtful, that only one player scores double figures.
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Well, yeah, you know, the thing about Central Florida is they play more people than we do, which is rare for anybody that's not familiar with us. We usually actually spread our minutes out a little better than we did today.

You know, they play up to 13 people, and so I think their stats are a little bit deceiving because they have four posts that play a lot and if you add their stats up, they are really in double figures.

So they did a great job with their inside game. But I thought we did a good job with her in the first half. Thought we let up with her down the stretch and a great player is going to step up and we gave her some good looks. I thought it was key that we locked her down and didn't really let her get going until maybe the fourth quarter.

Q. (No microphone.)
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Reili, Kiki, we rotated them on a little bit. We were supposed to be jumping out more on some stuff but team effort. Team effort. I that you will Reili and Kiki, Kiara Russell, did a great job.

Q. (No microphone.)
COACH CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Sure was. Because I called a really bad play. It was my fault. Shouldn't have called that play. And then our freshman took it out and it was like oh -- thank you, came back. Always need a little bit of luck this time of year, too.

CAMRON GHORBI: Thank you, Coach, and congratulations.

Q. Destiny, you guys, it was 7-0 and then it was like 26-14. Every time you guys got in that situation, you kept coming back. Was it a case of maybe just spent too much energy kind of going uphill all game in the fourth quarter during that drought for you guys? Do you think you guys got a little bit worn down and a little bit tired?
DESTINY WASHINGTON: No. Basketball is a game of runs and teams are going to go on runs. Once we saw that they were going up, we knew that it was our turn. I don't think we were tired. I just think that it's the game of basketball.

Q. Destiny, this was your first NCAA Tournament appearance. Felt like in the third quarter when you guys were really going on that run; you could see the emotion on the team. Was that the most fun you've had on a basketball court, shining on the brightest stage?
DESTINY WASHINGTON: It was definitely fun. I think the most fun was winning the conference tournament, but being on the court with these girls all season, all year, battling, working hard, it's fun for me every day.

So going on that run, it was definitely something special. We just couldn't finish it out.

Q. Obviously your lone year here at FGCU. If you can reflect on the year it was for you and your teammates.
DESTINY WASHINGTON: It was amazing. Coach Smesko recruited me after high school, and I say every day, I wish I had made that decision to come out of high school. But I'm very grateful he gave me another chance to come here because it was unbelievable.

Q. Similar thing. First NCAA Tournament experience, played spectacular and led the team in scoring. Was that why you came back, for moments like that?
KERI JEWITT-GILES: That's a part of it, but just really, just like Dest said, Coach recruited me out of high school and I didn't make the decision to come but I'm just glad I returned home because I learned so many things. Just glad Coach gave me the opportunity to come back and play for him.

Q. You said last week that this may be the last game that you play with FGCU. Have you had any more time to reflect on that decision?
KERI JEWITT-GILES: Yeah, actually, this was, I would say, my last game as of right now, but it's been a heck of a journey. So as of right now, yes, that was my last game.

Q. You guys had not been down double-digits too many times in year. Where do your kids find the poise? Were you surprised how well they hung in there, especially when it looked like it was getting away in the third?
COACH KARL SMESKO: No, I thought we were capable of playing better and I think everybody on our team thought we were capable of playing better.

We just needed -- we needed a little bit of a spark, a couple made shots, to really get things going. You know, I fully -- we called a second half surge, but we fully anticipated that second half and that third quarter that we were going to make it a game and. And.

Give our players credit, they made a lot of plays in that third quarter.

Q. We talked yesterday about the parity and I'm not sure of how much you watched today, but is this the way it's going to be in women's basketball now where in this first round, anybody pretty much can beat anybody?
COACH KARL SMESKO: Yeah, I think the teams, the 12s and 11s that are the last at-larges are really good conference tournament champions who get those positions. They can beat 4s and 5s.

You know, the system of ranking teams and RPI, it definitely favors bigger schools. That's what puts you in a position where, you know, you've got to be on the road like we were.

But this is what we want. We want to be in this tournament. We want to have a chance to win. We feel like we have a good program that, you know, we're going to break through and get to the Sweet 16 or better sometime soon. But wasn't to be today.

I give Miami a lot of credit. When we made the run on them, you know, they regained composure, made some good plays, some three-point plays. I give a lot of credit to some kids that don't typically shoot the three a lot. They dared them to shoot and they knocked it down. So I give them a lot of credit for making the plays they needed to.

Q. You mentioned that it was a road game, but just the fan support here from FGCU, what were your thoughts on them, specifically in the third quarter when you went on that run?
COACH KARL SMESKO: I mean, I could hear them, that's for sure. They were loud. They were with us. We brought a lot of people here to the game. I thought, you know, and Miami, also, had a lot of fans here. I thought it was a great atmosphere for an NCAA Tournament game.

It's hard for our players to appreciate it right now, because they are disappointed that they are not moving on, but when they look back at it, when you have that much energy in a building and play a game that level, it's something special.

Q. The 1-3-1 zone that they ran gave you guys trouble in 2017. Seemed like in the second quarter, it made it really tough on you guys. What is it about that zone in particular that makes it difficult on your offense?
COACH KARL SMESKO: Well, I would say two things. One, they have got really long athletes that it's tough to pass the ball around.

And two, you know, we didn't follow the game plan for a little bit, and we did the opposite of what we said we were going to do. And give them credit. They put pressure on you, and then you make those types of mistakes.

But you know, that was definitely a situation where we wasted too many possessions against a 1-3-1 where we didn't get the kind of shots we wanted, and that helped them get to the two-point lead.

Q. The two women sitting to your left that are now gone, they won't be back with FGCU, at least according to Keri at the moment. Your thoughts on their legacy, they only played one year, but the impact it made on this program?
COACH KARL SMESKO: Well, they had a great season, that's for sure. They are both excellent players. We wouldn't be in this situation without them.

Keri has been outstanding and has picked it up even more once we lost Lisa for the season, and that was a time we really needed her to step up and she was there for us. Came up big in the conference tournament. Was the tournament MVP. Had a little bit of a slow start tonight but she really got it going. Started knocking down some shots. She was someone that really helped us get back into the game.

And Dest is an outstanding all around player. She's had a great season. She's an all-conference level player. I wish we had her longer.

Q. You said in the third quarter that you anticipated you would make it a game. Was that because of adjustments you made or the ebb and flow of the game that you expected?
COACH KARL SMESKO: A lot of the time it's not really adjustments so much as it is reminders of getting back to what we said we were going to do.

I thought when we came out in the third quarter, they were ready to go to get started, again and when we hit a couple shots early, all of a sudden everybody was in on the game plan and getting the kind of shots that we were looking to get and moving the ball a little bit better; catching it; shot-faking; attacking the paint; moving it to a teammate.

When we had really good ball movement and had things going with being able to attack off the dribble, get to the paint, we did really well.

When we passed it and stared at the ball and waited on a kid to go one-on-one, that's not our game. We just wasted too many possessions doing that.

Q. You might have touched on this a little bit, but we noticed you guys did look a little bit confused in your halfcourt offense at some point in the second or third quarter. Did you have conversations with the girls about wanting to push the ball more?
COACH KARL SMESKO: Well, we wanted to push it every position. We wanted to put pressure on them in conversion every possession. There were a few possessions on offense where, you know, we got out of position and didn't talk to one another. To, you know, run the actions that we were looking to run, and that just -- that costs you.

You can't -- you're playing a really good team. We did a pretty good job on possessions. I mean, we forced more turnovers. We didn't give up a ton of offensive rebounds against a really athletic team, but you can still waste possessions if you just don't run your offense right or if you don't move the ball enough.

That was how we -- you know, even though we had a possession advantage, maybe we wasted too many where we didn't really execute our offense the way we wanted to.

Q. We now how formidable their front court is, but you touched on it a bit, that their guards had some big shots to start the fourth quarter and stretched the lead out with the clock. Was that something you wanted, to limit their bigs inside as much as possible, but knowing there are some capable shooters out there and they hit some big shots like you said?
COACH KARL SMESKO: They definitely have some good shooters, so we were trying to hold off the kids who don't shoot as many threes to give our post some help because they do have some dominant posts, and those kids hit shots.

You know, they hit at least four threes from those positions. So you know, those are the things that are a little bit of a gamble. We typically don't do that during the season but we thought we needed to help our bigs a little bit.

Although they did a fantastic job defensively, both Dest and Ty. But you know, this is one of those times where you take a calculated risk and it didn't work out.


Q. Endia, what about these big moments makes you shine on this stage? The words Coach just said, what is it about these big moments?
ENDIA BANKS: I just feel like that the team needs me the most, like, when it's, like, big-time. So I just try to be there for them, like when they need me the most and today just happened to be one of those days.

Q. For Beatrice, when they made that run, the team huddled. What did you talk about when they made that run?
BEATRICE MOMPREMIER: Just stay composed and everything we worked for in practice would carry us on throughout the rest of the game. So just stay composed and be confident. Be confident.

Q. Coach talked a lot yesterday about how this was going to be a style game. They are a three-point shooting team and you are relying on your bigs all year long. How do you combat the three-point shooting?
THE MODERATOR: Emese, maybe you could start with that one.

EMESE HOF: We worked a lot on it in practice. We had some schemes, but in the end it was just everyone had to be able to guard on the perimeter and alternate times, they got it, and they got us and at times I think we had a very solid D and it was there.

So in the end, it worked in our favor.

BEATRICE MOMPREMIER: We had to run them off the line, not let them shoot easy open shots.

ENDIA BANKS: I feel like what Emese said, we just had to run them off the line.

COACH KATIE MEIER: Great I won't be by running but the wall-ups at the end, 37 defense rebounds, that's ridiculous. That's a real big number for us, and I thought that that was the game. It was these three right here that were crushing the defensive glass for us, and really important rebounds.

Q. Emese, what are your thoughts for Sunday's last home game and Arizona State?
EMESE HOF: I have to say, I wasn't thinking there yet. We are thinking one game at a time. It's going to be special and it's a great opponent. We're going to give it our all, and that's all we can do, and I'm very excited for it, and it that we have another game to look forward to.

Q. Do you know anything about Arizona State? One of the top player's names happens to be I-B-I-S that you guys are familiar with.
COACH KATIE MEIER: They have not talked about anybody.

ENDIA BANKS: One game at a time. One game at a time.

EMESE HOF: I know they three-point pretty good.

Q. How about man-to-man? They are very tenacious man-to-man. Do you feel comfortable against a really tenacious man-to-man defense?
ENDIA BANKS: I felt like that's our type of game plan, man-to-man defense. I mean, when they play man-to-man, we can either -- we can shoot and then we have two big that is we can throw it into and just work up.

COACH KATIE MEIER: Florida Gulf Coast played a really tough man-to-man. Everybody talks about their three-point shooting. They are a superb defensive team. Absolutely superb.

Q. Just for anyone up there. The crowd tonight, how big of a factor was that when FGCU came back, they were able to tie it up and even took the lead? How was it rallying around that home crowd?
BEATRICE MOMPREMIER: Honestly, I guess they hyped us up, too. You know, when they scored, the crowd went crazy and when we scored our crowd went crazy. We had more, I guess.

Q. Again, to any of the three players. You will have a decided home-court advantage on Sunday. Not a lot of travels from Arizona State. How do you think that will boost you guys?
EMESE HOF: I hope everyone who came out tonight is going to come out again and we're going to have an even bigger advantage of having them in our corner. It's great when they are loud there, they are loud and today, too, it was in between their fans and our fans. Like they were rioting --

ENDIA BANKS: Not really.

EMESE HOF: Sounds good. It's great when we have fans out here and our students are behind us and it's just good. And against Arizona State, like they are not going to have a lot of people traveling down here, so that's going to be in our advantage.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you all. Congratulations.

COACH KATIE MEIER: Go to bed.

Q. There were several close calls today. What does it say about the state of women's college basketball?
COACH KATIE MEIER: I don't understand. Close calls in my game or --

Q. Other games. Your game.
COACH KATIE MEIER: That's great, isn't it? I mean, you know, you're sitting there watching -- I tried not to watch too much because for me to stay awake at 9:30 is a big deal.

So my energy, I just -- I was watching some games, Carolyn Kieger's game who plays here and coached with me here. And so I had my eye on some games but I tried to not because they were so emotional, Iowa and Drake. These games were just crazy and I was glancing at them but I really tried to stay away because I knew this was going to be a close game too, and I wanted to have all my focus and energy.

You know, but for women's basketball, it's fantastic.

Q. You mentioned the first half, fatigue offense --
COACH KATIE MEIER: Third quarter.

Q. You cut down on the turnovers after that. What changed in the game? Turnover-wise?
COACH KATIE MEIER: From which to which?

Q. From before you got the 11 turnovers in the first half, only four in the second. What changed?
COACH KATIE MEIER: Oh, well, in the third quarter, we were playing so slow, there were no possessions. I was fine with 11 turnovers, but they weren't -- there's a vulnerability, okay. So a bad shot's a turnover, too. That's what we did in the third, so we didn't turn it over but we took tired jumpers and we ran tired offense. So those bad shots, their fastbreak points in the third quarter were from horrible shots and that's a turnover in our book, okay. So we crossed halfcourt; we have the ball we want to score; we get an offensive rebound, whatever.

You know, it's a possession game for them, and that just fueled them and some -- sometimes you'd rather travel and have a dead ball turnover than have them set again. I thought our zone traps were really good tonight, and we just kept giving them live possession, live possession, live possession, off the back of the rim, off the front of the rim, nobody rebounded, nobody getting back, and it hurt us lot and.

We had not played in two weeks and that's a factor. It's very, very hard to keep your team fresh during that break. Just the way our conference breaks it down. But you could tell their third quarter legs were there, and our players were like, don't have my legs. Yeah, it's hard to mimic a game.

Q. Looking ahead, Sunday, I'm sure you've done some studying.
COACH KATIE MEIER: No, I have not.

Q. Not at all?
COACH KATIE MEIER: No, I have not.

Q. I'm sure aware of some of their top players --
COACH KATIE MEIER: I know they are great players -- I'm not lying to you. You have no idea how important this game was and where my focus was.

Q. But does Gulf Coast give you kind of a good preparation for the next opponent because of the three-point shooting, because of man-to-man?
COACH KATIE MEIER: So did Syracuse -- we've had quite a schedule, so I'm going to pick through it. I'll have some bags under my eyes tomorrow but my assistant coach, Tia Jackson, she's fantastic and she's got the scout. We had a little five-minute meeting real quick before I came in here to give me a rundown.

But I've played against -- I've coached against Charli before. I think she's just the greatest. I have so much admiration for her. I know how she runs her program. I know how their defense works. We're not looking ahead.

Q. And you respect the Pac-10, I'm sure?
COACH KATIE MEIER: I absolutely. I do absolutely do.

Q. What impressed you the most how the team responded after their run?
COACH KATIE MEIER: That's the thing that's going to get lost in all this, except for the people who know Florida Gulf Coast and they know, oh, my God they are not hitting the threes in the first half and then they started hitting it and that's going to be a problem for Miami; what are they going to do with the bigs.

The whole problem showed up in the third quarter, the matchup issue. But the maturity, there's a lot of pressure. I mean, we're playing at home. We're supposedly such a higher seed. We knew they are a great team and I think we prepared our team for a close game the whole time.

I was like, oh, boy, ladies it's going to come down to special situations. I never thought this would be a runaway game. So when we got to that moment and we put our fours up for the fourth quarter, when we put our fours up, I said, we're good. I really felt that they were mature and we've been in this situation before and we were going to start making some plays and getting some stops. I really just saw it in my team, their spirit. They weren't beaten. They were faithful.

Q. I know we ask the student athletes about the home crowd. How cool was it, second time in three years?
COACH KATIE MEIER: Yeah, I couldn't -- I just want to hug everyone who came out. Like I'm so grateful. I'm so grateful. You know, I had a moment, just personally, for the journey that has been Miami and the building and the building and the building and the dream and can we ever do this and will we break through.

I felt like, you know, I was really emotional just real quick right before the game just being out of pride and just gratitude for the administration and the student body. There are times when it just gets very humbling and you just really appreciate the support and that was one of them for sure and it helped us win.

Q. I don't know if you got a chance to hook at the student second but Manny Diaz was in the front row. There were numerous student athletes from other sports. How special is that knowing you're getting support from other teams?
COACH KATIE MEIER: Any time I need a re-Tweet I retext many and I said, "Manny, help me out, buddy." He's right there for me. He's so all-in to the culture that's Miami. I use his phrase, the meat off the bone with our defensive rebounding from our guards. I steal stuff from him because he's special. I appreciate that.

I saw a lot of athletes, a lot of people. Coach L. Texted me said he's on the road recruiting but he would have been here. It's a family down here. But people know what it means, you know.

But the other thing, too, is we are very grateful. We say thanks. Thanks for coming. Sometimes that doesn't happen in Big Ten college athletics, but we love the support and we need it..

Q. Don't want to cast a pall on the victory, but how upset to go see what happened in front of your locker room before?
COACH KATIE MEIER: I don't want to talk about that. Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much, Coach Meier. Congratulations.

Q. Their tournament experience, they are tournament-tough and you guys haven't been the last three, four years. Did that have a different in a high-pressure game like this?
KAY KAY WRIGHT: I don't think experience was a downfall for us. I just think some shots didn't fall early on and we didn't get enough stops as we should have but I think we are prepared for this moment. Our coaches had a great game plan for us. We were ready for this game and I think if we would have hit some more shots early on, it would have been different.

Q. Seemed like you might have been a little uptight in the first quarter or they were keying on, high scorer on the team. Do you feel they were keying on you more so than the other players in?
KAY KAY WRIGHT: I think they had a pretty good game plan to deny me the ball sometimes and they were successful at it. I just had to be more aggressive in the second half and really focus on getting open and my teammates did a good job of handling that pressure, as well, and running the plays. Lawriell and Jamesha Paul, they ran the plays for me, so I think it wasn't so bad.

Q. For either player. You guys were down 22 I think with minute to go in the third and a lot of teams would have folded the tent at that point, and you guys kept fighting. What's it say about this group that you guys -- I think you got it to 12 at one point in the fourth, even getting down that big, that really seemed to be the best effort of the night.
KRISTEN YOON: Nyala, maybe you could start with that one?

NYALA SHULER: Well, Coach has -- we would huddle whenever there was a dead ball and we were just talking to each other, whenever somebody was down, we had a great teammate, somebody was picking us up and we just decided that we weren't going to go out on a bad note and we were going to play hard and give it our all.

CAMRON GHORBI: Thank you. You guys are dismissed.

Q. The two 3s to start the third quarter, how big a momentum shift was that? I'm sure you're hoping to win the first five minutes but when she got loose for those two 3s early, what did that do to the game plan at that point?
COACH KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: Exactly what you saw. I just think they set some good in screens on us and she got loose -- I don't know her name, No. 1, does a great job of finding No. 22 and getting some open shots.

Obviously the shooter that she is, those are big shots to, hit those shots and games in this atmosphere and this gym, those are big shots for her.

Q. How tough do you rate their man-to-man defense? Is that the toughest you've seen all season?
COACH KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: It's not, but obviously we play that other team in our conference and their defense is really good and Cincinnati's defense is really good and I can go on. People play Kay Kay like that all the time. I think what hurt us honestly is we got in some foul trouble, and we had a lot of people on the bench and that doesn't really help our situation.

Kay Kay had some fouls, but we weren't doing a great job of scoring in there when Mass -- because you saw when Mass and Nyala were in the game, we were getting high-lows and getting a lot of options and Mass is going to work offensively.

Brittney Smith is going to be a great player for us, No. 32, she's. A freshman now, but we have a lot of confidence in her. She was getting the ball and make something moves, but she was missing her shots, right. So you saw the difference a little bit between her and Moss. So I think it really just hurt having those two in foul trouble.

Q. Back to 22. Do you feel like her UCONN experience showed tonight, two years with UCONN before she transferred?
COACH KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: Okay. Wow. I don't know. You'd have to ask her that.

Q. I know you're 20 minutes removed from the game so it's probably unfair to ask a broad question, but --
COACH KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: Sorry, I can't hear you.

Q. 26-7 this year, and at-large, like you said, they are not easy to get.
COACH KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: Yeah.

Q. Are you kind of ahead of schedule, do you think?
COACH KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: My team or me? Like my -- you know, we did this at Albany, too, pretty quickly and I think I talked to you about it at the beginning.

Just I've been pleased to be around a lot of great coaches that have had to rebuild programs, Bill Finley; Joanne P. McCallie, I've been part of rebuilding -- twice with Joanne. So I was kind of used to going in and doing that kind of thing.

And so did I think we could get here immediately in the first year and second year like we did at Albany? No. But I thought maybe we could have last year but our injuries really hurt us. Fifi and Tolu were out and Kayla Thigpen had to play the four for us and we had some great players in Saunders and Gregory, they were phenomenal scorers.

So if we would have had more post power, I'll call it, last year, maybe we could have been here, and I think that stung a little bit for our team.

It really helped us this year, just preseason, getting in shape, getting in the gym, everybody being focused. Just knowing we had strength in numbers.

My coaching staff are doing a great job of just repeating that a lot: Strength in numbers, strength in numbers, strength in numbers. It didn't help that we didn't have Fifi again this year to play a lot but every team has injuries and things, and I just think our team and our coaches did a great job of just sticking together, working hard, staying focused on our goals.

And it's really the hard work. I kind of joke at our team and say, it's an old clich, but at the end of championships or the end of people's great careers, you know, when they win that championship or they get to where they want, they are crying, not just because they are so happy, but they are crying because they have worked so hard and they have accomplished so many goals and they don't want it to be over because it feels so good to win a championship or feels so good to be into the NCAA Tournament, feels so good to win the game they never thought they could win. It because they worked really, really hard at it.

CAMRON GHORBI: Thank you, Coach, and congratulations on your season.

Q. Kianna, you have been most successful this year when the defense really seems to be at a certain high gear. Every coach would tell you that's the key to winning this time of year. How important is that that it's already in your DNA?
KIANNA IBIS: I mean, having a coach that really coaches us and prepares us to be, like, our best defensively always helps us in every single game we play because we always find enough points to win. Having our defense be the kind of identity of our team I would say is kind of an advantage, especially going into the tournament.

Not many people know how we play. I feel like it's an advantage for us.

Q. Courtney, we've been through the trials and the road of the Pac-12. We know how difficult the conference is. How do you feel playing in the Pac-12 against so many quality programs has helped prepare you for the NCAAs?
COURTNEY EKMARK: It's a great question. I definitely think playing a tough conference schedule is going to help us. We've played against the top teams in the nation. We've beaten some of them. I think that's really going to carry us through this tournament.

Q. Charnea, obviously three veterans here on the dais. The key aspect of the season has been the bench, averaging over 23 points a game. How key has that been?
CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: I think our bench is doing a great job. They come every day in practice, even when we have shootarounds, they are focused and ready to go. They know it's next-man-up at any point. I think when they come off the bench, they're ready to go, and it's shown.

Q. Obviously with five starters returning, tons of veterans on this team, how much has the experience of the team, not only the competition you played, but the team internally played a role in the successful season you've had?
KIANNA IBIS: I mean, being able to go through this experience, like, four times that I've been here, that only helps. It's always different because you never know what to expect, then you do, especially with any team you play.

I think having the experience and being able to help our freshmen, the new players on our team who haven't experienced this, it always helps when we can help them, as well.

COURTNEY EKMARK: I agree with Kianna. To add to that, us being seniors, we know it's our last time. We're going to give it everything we have. We also know going through this so many times is not every game is guaranteed in March. Right now it's win-or-go-home. It's serious.

CHARNEA JOHNSON-CHAPMAN: Add on to what Courtney said, having so many people return, veterans, our team knows it's go big or go home now.

THE MODERATOR: We will excuse the student-athletes and go into questions for Coach Turner Thorne.

Q. You said you're excited to play anywhere, you don't mind traveling. I don't know if you can use it as motivation, you're here with three Florida teams, also time change, can that be some motivation for your team?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: We don't really operate that way. I mean, maybe for some teams. I think for us, I'll have to share this, I have three sons, my youngest son is a basketball fanatic, taking a redeye tomorrow night to come to be at the games. We're very grateful. We're good with the draw.

But he was very fired up because he's reading all the stuff. I'm not going to say what he said about the committee, because I had to clear him up on that and everything.

No, I don't. The trend of the tournament is keep the higher seeds, the 14s through 16s, in their regions because we're trying to have this great experience. Miami has to play Florida Gulf Coast. That's a tough game, a local team. That's kind of the way the tournament is being structured right now.

I was pretty sure, been doing this a long time, yeah, we're going east. I was thinking maybe North Carolina on that neutral site. But it's all good. If you want to progress, we want to progress in this tournament, you got to beat top teams. For the women's tournament, that means on their home floor unless you're hosting. We were probably a game or two away from earning that opportunity. We get that.

We've been a good road team all year. Beating Oregon State, that is one of the toughest places you will ever play, at Oregon State. It's not going to be anything this team hasn't experienced with their fans here. I think they said we'll have no fans. We're going to have some fans, just so you know. We have some people coming out.

Basketball is about matchups. It's an interesting first game for us with Central Florida. Pressing the end zone the entire game, it's a little different. We've been preparing for that. We'll be prepared for that. Depending on after that, we'll see.

Katie does a phenomenal job. She's a really good coach. They're a veteran team like us. A lot of similarities. Great defensive team, veteran team. Should be a really fun game.

Q. It's not uncommon in the women's game for a team to have a really long break between conference and NCAA. How do you deal with that? It's what you have to deal with. Is it ideal? How did you deal with the 14 days?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: So when this first happened, I actually called Sylvia Hatchell. I talked to a few coaches, used to having longer breaks. In the Pac-12 we bumped up our season. Early on in my career, play your last game -- I remember because I had a baby, three days later we were traveling for NCAAs. It would have been great to have that two weeks however many years ago.

Now I wouldn't know what to do without it. We're used to having the extra rest time, the extra practice time. It is a little bit nerve-wracking because you try to stay healthy, but you want to practice and stay sharp.

In the middle we do a scrimmage game against our scout team, bring officials in. That's the best thing I have found to kind of keep us sharp. Then just have days where you limit contact.

Yeah, going that long without a game, it's like, Okay, hope we're ready. Again, this team has done that, so I think we'll be okay.

Q. Six straight 21 seasons, six straight NCAA tournament appearances. Both school records. How proud are you of this group? What does that say about them to be setting school marks in such notable categories?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I think we have 15 out of the 17 years post-season. We've had a great staff. We've had great players that have come in and joined our family, our culture, bought in to who we are, what we do. It's really fun.

Obviously incredibly proud of the players, what they've been able to accomplish at their time at ASU. Going to hopefully keep it going.

Q. You're focused on UCF tomorrow. Indulge me and speak broadly for a second. I love the women's game. This is the first time that I can remember there might be legitimately eight or ten teams that could be the last one standing. Has parity arrived? How good is that that it's not going to be basically the same four teams in the Final Four?
CHARLI TURNER THORNE: I think last year was one of the best Final Fours in terms of the overtime games. It's been coming. The parity has been coming, getting better and better.

Sometimes with media coverage, it doesn't always reflect how much parity there is in the game. UConn, great program, done a ton for the game. They're a 2 seed. Hopefully it's opening people's eyes to the level of parity in the game.

Going into this season, as coaches, we're looking around, This is pretty wide open. We played Baylor the second game of the year, played Louisville two weeks later. We had a controversial one-possession game with Louisville. We're looking around going, Okay, yes.

It's fantastic for the game. Players are getting better and better. The commitment by administrations, by everybody, to women's basketball has been amazing. I've been fortunate enough over the last 30 years to see immense growth. Hopefully we'll see it in the tournament.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you for joining us.

CHARLI TURNER THORNE: Thank you.

Q. The other three teams here, their conference tournaments all ended between 11 and 14 days ago. You guys typically go into the day before selection Monday. Have you found that's an advantage in keeping your team in a rhythm?
KARL SMESKO: We've done it both ways. I know the first time we went to the NCAA tournament, we had a much longer layoff.

I like it like this. There's nothing to test you for big games like a big game. You wouldn't want to do it the day before. Not to have more than a week layoff I think is ideal. I like the way we do it in our conference.

Q. The nine kids you played here two years ago, only one will play tomorrow. Is the way that game ended still a rallying cry for this team at all? Are they familiar? Is it ancient history?
KARL SMESKO: There weren't many of the players that were really involved in that, so we have a couple people that are familiar with the ending, coming up just short, being really disappointed.

For most of our team, for a lot of our team, this is their first time in the NCAA tournament, for a lot of our transfer players. They're just excited to be a part of it. Hopefully they'll be prepared and have a great showing.

I don't think anything that happened two years ago is going to have any impact tomorrow.

Q. It's a different year in women's basketball. Many times for the first round of the tournament, who is going to lose to UConn at the end. This year there's 10 or more teams that have a fair chance of winning. How much has women's basketball needed that parity at the top?
KARL SMESKO: I definitely think it's helpful. I'm a big fan of UConn. They've been outstanding. They've set the bar at the highest level. But it makes for more drama when there's more teams that have a realistic chance of winning the whole thing.

This year there's so many teams that have beat the best teams in the country. You look at Miami, they have an excellent team. They also beat two No. 1 seeds. They're capable of making a deep run.

As you said, this year, it's more wide open than it's been. I can't remember the last time it's been this wide open, where you wouldn't have a really heavy favorite going into the tournament. I think it's good for women's basketball.

I think this will be a great tournament. The last two years the Final Fours have been remarkable, how well they were played, how exciting the games were. I'm hoping that women's basketball just keeps building and more fans appreciate the quality of the product. I'm expecting another great tournament this year.

Q. So many new faces this year. What was the point in the year where you started feeling comfortable they were getting the system, what it takes for you to compete?
KARL SMESKO: It was probably after Christmas. I saw them start to improve on the defensive end where we were struggling earlier in the year. By the time we got to January, we looked like we were playing FGCU basketball at that time. It took a semester to get everybody kind of understanding their roles, how they can be productive within the system, what we're looking for, what we're not.

I think we've played pretty well since January.

Q. 11-3 away from Fort Myers this year. When you start to go about designing a schedule, challenging yourself on the road, how much of that mentality is designed to set you up to be successful beginning tomorrow?
KARL SMESKO: To be honest, I'd like to take credit for it, but it's usually not by design. We usually play the teams that agree to play us, then try to fit it in a schedule. I could have great plans, It would be great if we play these teams, develop this. The truth is, you have to find other teams that will agree to play you.

Typically in our non-conference schedule the teams that will agree to play us are often really good, really good mid-majors who can't find a game, or a BCS program that feels like this will be a great RPI game for us, we still feel like we can win. That's kind of how the schedule comes together.

I do think the fact each year we play in a major tournament, this year in Hawaii we had to play Stanford, that gets our kids accustomed to playing the big BCS teams so we're not surprised once we get on the floor against Miami.

Q. Eagles this year have done a great job of starting fast. Entering the fourth quarter, you're usually in a good position. How much has that been a point of emphasis? How will that play a role over the next couple days?
KARL SMESKO: Last time we were here, we started really slow. We didn't shoot the ball well in the first half. I just think getting off to a good start helps everybody's confidence and helps everybody ease into the game a lot better than if it looks like you're struggling early.

You can always keep fighting and get back in the game, but the sooner everybody starts to get adjusted to the speed, gets accustomed to the physicality of the game, they're able to be successful, I think the better off you are.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach Smesko.

KARL SMESKO: Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: We are now joined by FGCU student-athletes. Questions, please.

Q. Destiny, I don't think it was a real big surprise when the brackets came out that you were coming here. After Sunday, were you really expecting this was where you were going to be?
DESTINY WASHINGTON: We weren't really thinking about it at that point. We were just worried about winning the game, enjoying each other's company. After that, we pretty much knew where we were going to go.

Q. What have the last four days been like getting ready for this, a couple of really talented bigs?
DESTINY WASHINGTON: It's just been making sure we were locked in and focused. We have a really big emphasis on not letting them into the post. As long as we focus on what we're supposed to do, I think we'll be fine.

Q. Keri, last year's post-season success, this program really has raised the bar, how much did last year's win, upsetting Missouri, this team knows what it takes to win in the post-season, how much can you build off that?
KERI JEWETT-GIBBS: It just gives us a lot of confidence and belief that anything is possible. No matter the seed, no matter what team it is, just because it's a name, anybody is beatable in March.

Q. Nasrin, there are only two players on the team who averaged double-digits, but several with more than six points per game. Discuss the balance of the team, how important you think that is for this team.
NASRIN ULEL: I think the greatest thing about our team is that on any given day, anyone can have a really good game. We're really good about sharing the ball. If somebody is having a really good offensive game, we're willing to give them the ball. It's not really like we only have two people that are scoring double-digits, but everyone has had big games for us. Our bench is very good for us.

It's just fun knowing that anyone can just play within our system and do well.

Q. Smesko's system is what it is, unusual. What is it like feeling at this point in the year you finally might have it close to mastered? How much better off is this team when it starts to click?
NASRIN ULEL: I don't think we really have it mastered yet (laughter). We try our best to play, just take the shots that we know are really efficient and are good for our team. We emphasize taking really good shots.

We want the other team to take the tough shots, tough twos, force them to do things that are low, like returns. We try to let them take bad shots, just take what we do, threes and layups. We win doing that many years, so...

Q. Keri, the team was 11-3 away from Fort Myers this year. The team has won on the road, beaten good teams away from home. How much confidence does that give the team?
KERI JEWETT-GIBBS: We have a lot of confidence going in just being able to overcome anything we've been through, especially on the road. A lot of people think it's hard to win on the road. Coach gives us a game plan and we just execute it. We have a lot of faith.

Q. You've been able to examine the film of your opponent. What are your thoughts on the first-round matchup?
KATIE MEIER: They're fantastic. I mean, everybody is going to say, They're better than their seed. They are. They are. They're fantastic. I mean, I had to go back three months ago to see them lose. I've never had to do that.

They're on a great streak. They're dangerous, threatening. They're really a lot more athletic in terms of their speed, how dangerous their defense is, than people are giving them credit for.

They're not just relying on the three-point shot. It's an incredible weapon. Obviously it's a tough matchup for us. They're probably saying, Those bigs are a tough matchup for them. Stylistically it's going to be an interesting game. I think a lot of eyes are going to be on this particular game because if you're in women's basketball, you know how good Gulf Coast is. Hey, Miami, paying attention? We are. We know.

Q. You said a month ago before the Notre Dame game this team was coming together the way you envisioned it. Do wins against Notre Dame, Pittsburgh, then Louisville, ranked No. 2 at the time, does that prepare you for moments like this?
KATIE MEIER: I mean, you can't take those wins away from us. If they show up tomorrow, they'll show up in a non-panic, in a faith. I love confidence, but sometimes that comes and goes. I think faith is just confidence with a lot of patience to it.

We know what we've accomplished this year. We know the games that we've won. When we're on the ropes a little bit, which we will be, I believe we'll be faithful and not say, My shot is off. We found ways to win not hitting. Their defense... We've seen this defense before.

We have that in our bag and you can't take that away from this team. We really need that.

Q. Two of your players, Laura, Emese, they've had exposure internationally. The two of them are connected in many ways. Does that help you when you go into a tournament like this where they've been in pressure situations?
KATIE MEIER: Yeah, there's moments. They're leaders. It's not just their experience. We're very close. We've grown up a little bit together, too. I mean, I first saw them when they were 16 years old in Lithuania. That's when I first saw them. They're playing on a U19 team. Still 16? They were playing three years up. We were the USA team, up-and-comers. I loved them the first time I saw them.

I've seen them fight. I've seen them grow. It's a six- or seven-year deal now. They're very special to me. We turn to each other for other things. It's been a wonderful journey. They mean the world to me.

Yes, they're experienced, smart, know where the ball should go. If they're feeling good, Miami usually plays really well.

Q. A lot of broadcasts or reaction from opposing head coaches throughout the season, instantly the remarks are about having Emese and Beatrice. Coaches have described it as a luxury having two post players that are as good as they are. Have you ever had a duo quite like them?
KATIE MEIER: No. No. Because they share the ball. It's not like we have these two bigs and that's all we do. They share the ball, put the ball where it needs to go. That's something Beatrice completely developed since she's been here. Last year, sitting out, watching our style of play, phrases, philosophies, value in this program, Miami shots, Miami shots. Look at their shooting percentages, they don't force.

As good as they are, they're great basketball players. They just happen to be tall. I think sometimes people miss that about those two. They're brilliant. They're brilliant players.

Q. Two coaches who came up here before you talked about their veteran leadership. It feels like age has been kind of neutralized in this regional as far as teams with post-season experience. For your own group, what can they draw on from their previous NCAA experiences?
KATIE MEIER: There's pressure and there's stress. The biggest job of a coach in the NCAA tournament is to make sure the pressure is high and the stress is low. That hinges on preparation, a little bit of faith.

The same moment can cause you to stress out or you can be like, That's pressure. I feel like pressure brings you to your highest level. That's what we're trying to do.

There's internal pressure, now we have external pressure. Can we find our zone within that. Veterans get that. When you say that speech, the speech I gave two days ago in the film room, the freshmen say, What does that mean? They don't have a reference point.

Everyone in this tournament, most of the players, get that. They get it. They understand that zone that we got to operate in.

Q. You've been in different situations.
KATIE MEIER: Define that, please.

Q. Different games.
KATIE MEIER: Yes, I have.

Q. On the road, underdog, favorite. Are you superstitious in any way? Do you go through a ritual? If it's worked, you keep doing it?
KATIE MEIER: 'Routine' is my word, right? Yes, absolutely I have a routine. It's not superstition. You're guaranteed about 30 if you're lucky, 35 games a year as a coach. You get that. They last about two hours. I have 70 hours that's going to define my 365 days, my sports staff, players. Those 70 hours I'm going to be awesome. In order to be awesome in those hours, I want to have a routine.

We believe in that. If it gets a little bit upset, we can deal with it. In terms of saying, This is my comfort zone, what we need to do... It will be very much the same. I think that's just a way to make sure emotionally you're good. I owe it to this university to be great 70 hours a year.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much, Coach Meier.

KATIE MEIER: Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: We are joined by Miami student-athletes, Laura Cornelius and Emese Hof. We'll go right into questions.

Q. About a month ago your head coach said she felt this team was coming together. Notre Dame, Pittsburgh, Louisville. Was that the point where you really felt this team had come together?
EMESE HOF: I think that was kind of like the turning point. After that we had some losses which were also, like, huge lessons for things we are not going to do any more this season.

I think that's when we saw, like, what we could actually do. Then after that, it was just like building on that path, getting where we are today.

LAURA CORNELIUS: Those wins really helped build our confidence. Our team chemistry has been amazing. That confidence, you can tell from practice that we really believe in each other, we believe in our game plan. We've played in pretty close games. Both of them were close all the way down the stretch.

I think we're definitely taking all of that experience into March right now, into this tournament.

Q. The two of you know how big of a tournament this is, to host is even bigger. You've been together since 15, 16. You know each other's tendencies. Does playing on a national level, international, help carry over to a tournament like this?
EMESE HOF: I do think it helps because you face a lot of different teams and play styles. How big the tournament is, how much alive it is is nothing compared to what we have seen on a World Championship or European Championship.

I do think it helped us, developed us as players, get skilled, see different defenses. Yeah, the skill of the March Madness here is not really comparable to anything we've seen before.

LAURA CORNELIUS: Back home we played in big-time basketball games. It's hard to compare them to these. What we can take away, definitely I don't get as nervous any more because I've been there before. I don't know how that is for you, Emese. It's hard to compare, but just excitement. That's really it for these upcoming games.

Q. Laura, how important is it when you're playing games in March to have experience?
LAURA CORNELIUS: It's extremely important. I really think, I truly believe, in March, in order to be successful, obviously you have to have great talent. You have to have people who can get a stop on defense and can score the ball. I think we have a mix of that.

Every team in March always has to have an X factor. I think our team is built up for that. We definitely have great leadership, great talent. We're just striving to make that come all together in these upcoming games.

Q. Emese, Coach Meier had to go back three months to find a loss. How hard is it to play a team that knows how to win? How much does that play into it, make sure you need to be on point tomorrow?
EMESE HOF: It's March, so every game is going to be tough. It's hard -- not hard, but different to come into a game, to play someone who hasn't lost in a long time. I think it was December. They're going to come in here, try to win it because that's what they're used to.

We're not going to let that happen.

Q. Is there something about this team that we don't know about that has carried you to this belief that you can beat Notre Dame at home, beat Louisville, no matter who it is, the odds stacked against you?
EMESE HOF: I think that's hard to say. I think our team is very loving. We're all very caring about each other. We had a lot of people coming back from injuries this year. Just the belief and the will to be better, play for each other, that's really coming out.

I think that's, like, one of our strengths.

LAURA CORNELIUS: For me coming back to that X factor I just talked about, in the upset win over Notre Dame, Taylor Mason was a great X factor for us. Against Louisville, it was Endia Banks. It was a great X factor.

They're not on top of the scouting report, but they're so hugely important to our team. We never know who it's going to be, but they're super important. Someone has to step up these upcoming games.

Q. The injuries you went through, Laura, do you savor these moments more than ever?
LAURA CORNELIUS: It's just amazing to be here again. Hosting is truly a special thing. We did it our sophomore year. It's an amazing experience.

When I was out, I was so hungry to get back. Now I'm here healthy again. It's an amazing feeling. I don't take any minute for granted any more. This game could be our last. Hopefully it's not going to be, but we have to leave everything on the floor for 40 minutes and I believe the end result is going to be good for us.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you both for joining us today.

Q. The system is different now. With 26 wins and three losses to one really good program obviously, an RPI of 15, were you upset to hear the words 'last team in' on Monday night?
KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: No. We just wanted to -- to back up. Our team has always been let's do one game at a time. We can't worry about the future. We can't worry about the past. We have to worry about one game at a time.

As we were going through this process we knew pre-season games, we had to kind of schedule up, get some good wins in the pre-season. We knew that our conference is just tremendous. We have phenomenal coaches in our conference. We just really try to not focus on the future, we just try to focus on one game at a time.

When we finished our game, got to the championship game in the conference tournament, which is the first time ever, I think with our RPI being what it is, we felt really good about that. We're just really grateful and thankful to be here.

Q. We all know the success that football has had. What is the vibe in Orlando right now?
KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: I mean, a lot of excitement. Tremendous energy. It's all of our teams. Volleyball is tremendous, baseball is tremendous, soccer is tremendous. I can go on and on. I think there's a lot of excitement, fresh energy.

Everybody is a true family there. We all back each other up. We go to each other's games. Johnny calls me, I call Heup. We call each other and say good job. We're all doing that at UCF, it's not just one team. We're all excited for each other.

Q. When you look at Arizona State on film defensively, what impresses you?
KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: I think the biggest thing that impresses me is Charli Turner Thorne, for sure. She's always been a role model for me. I know she's a tremendous coach. I've watched her for a long time. She's been a mentor to me through my career. She's a great coach. She's going to have her team prepared.

Going back to our conference, we have a lot of great defensive teams in our conference, too. Obviously UConn is one of them. South Florida is one of them. They're going to play all man. We're going to play all of our matchup. Neither of us are going to switch it up. We have to be comfortable playing how we're playing.

We're actually really excited that somebody is going to play us man. Not a lot of people play us man. We also know it's going to be a tough task to get ready and find ways for us to score. I'm sure the same thing for her.

I would imagine both of us have been working on offense for these last few days to figure out how we're going to score against each other's defense.

Q. Obviously tons of veterans on the team, but one extremely special one. What makes Kay Kay so special? How special has it been for you to watch her ascension?
KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: I mean, the word I would use for her is 'selfless.' She is humble, selfless. Big-time family. She's so proud of her hometown team, Orlando. That's the reason she went to UCF. She a lot of schools recruiting her. Her family, they're all going to be here.

What makes her so good is that she's a perfect point guard, everybody likes to follow her. She leads everybody in a certain way. She has great energy. They really like her. She's probably one of our hardest workers. If you have a great player like that that is your hardest worker, your team will follow.

She's earned it. She's worked really hard. We inherited her, thank goodness. Danny White and her staff were good about keeping her comfortable with the new coaching staff. Obviously we met them all. When I came in and talked family, academics, basketball, I met her family, all the players' families, it's a perfect fit.

Last, I have a really good point guard coach in Tahnee Balerio. After Kay Kay's freshmen year, it wasn't that she didn't feel like she was good enough, it was like she didn't help the team enough. That's how she felt. She was in the gym right after her freshman year and right after her sophomore year, I mean, every day. Obviously she's the hometown young woman. She could work out every single day. She made a program and decided she was going to be good. Off-season really made her good.

Q. You talked about your coaching staff, a lot came from Albany, five NCAA appearances. How important can it be that you know the grind? How much confidence that can instill in a team who has never been to the tournament?
KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: Obviously great coaches know that they can't do it without great assistant coaches. I've been lucky to keep them. They actually like me, so... Isoken Uzamere is our post coach, she's phenomenal. Tahnee was a player for me. All my coaches, even my director of basketball, played for me. She has been to the NCAA tournament. If they didn't play for me, they played for really good coaches. Obviously Nykesha Sales. That's their mentality of winning and championships because they don't know any different.

Having them on our staff, I have a former player that played at Albany on my staff. Everybody on my staff has been to the NCAA tournament, knows what it takes to get there. I think that really helps.

Q. Can't be a lot of coaches in the women's game that have taken three different schools to the tournament. You're focused on tomorrow, but does that mean anything to you?
KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: It does. I mean, when I started this journey, I think we tell our story to our recruits a lot. When I was going through the process of what I wanted to do the rest of my life, it definitely wasn't to be a college basketball coach. I actually wanted to get into administration.

When I played at Georgia, then I transferred to Iowa, I got the opportunity to play for two Hall of Fame coaches in Andy Landers and Vivian Stringer. My mother wanted me to go to grad school, I went to Duquesne. Right after that I had to do something, I got into coaching.

The first place I was a full-time coach was Maine. I left Maine and went to Iowa State with Bill Fennelly. Listen to the coaches I'm saying, I've had some great role models. I went to Iowa State. We rebuilt that program. Every place that I've been, it's kind of like embedded in me a little bit to rebuild the programs. I've been blessed to have great staffs that have really helped me.

When this job opened up, I don't want to really rebuild another program. It doesn't scare me. I'm not afraid of it. Orlando and Florida was someplace my husband and my family really vacationed all the time. We wanted to live there.

Then I met Danny White and his staff. I was just amazed of his vision, what he wanted to do with our program, the rest of the programs.

I had to lean on some voices like Joanne McCallie, people that knew the White family. Then I got a call from Johnny Dawkins. I'm going, I got a call from Johnny Dawkins, really cool. I think Danny White's vision really made me want to do it.

It's hard to leave a winning program like I did at Albany and Missouri State. I wasn't afraid to tackle it, recruiting would be easier with the palm trees, the sunshine, pools and everything.

Academically UCF is a great academic school. They have every major. For young women, that's super important. Coming down here, I came on my press conference, I was calling Iso, This is awesome down here. Ever since I day I stepped on campus, it's been phenomenal.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you for joining us, coach.

KATIE ABRAHAMSON-HENDERSON: Thank you, everybody.

THE MODERATOR: We are joined by student-athletes from UCF, Kay Kay Wright and Nyala Shuler. We'll go into questions for the student-athletes.

Q. Could both of you just speak to how, with the success of football, men's basketball, every team at UCF, how one team feeds off another, the sort of thing that y'all are part of building at UCF?
NYALA SHULER: It kind of started off with our football team obviously going undefeated. They set this notion of going 1-0 each game, taking it one step at a time. Us and men's basketball tried to feed off of that. It obviously worked for us.

It started with football. We're trying to bring it to basketball and hopefully we can bring it to our other sports as well.

KAY KAY WRIGHT: I think we all just want to do great for our program. We all have new changes in coaching staffs. We have a great AD. I think we just want to do our part and make our program proud. Like Nye said, one game at a time, that's what got us here.

Q. Kay Kay, a lot of programs in women's basketball have this issue, conference tournament, then you wait forever for the NCAA tournament. What have you worked on in the last couple of weeks? What have the priorities been?
KAY KAY WRIGHT: We were just focusing on us in the beginning until we knew who we were going to play. We were focused on Knights basketball, our press, halfcourt defense and offense, just to get back to what we do, how we can stop any team that we're going to face.

The last few days have been focusing on ASU, how we can beat them, things to accomplish, our game plan.

Q. Nyala, the two of you have played a significant role in the team's success this year. Another member who is not here right now is Kayla Thigpen. How important is it and how important has it been for the season this year to have someone that can come off the bench and provide the kind of impact this year?
NYALA SHULER: In the beginning of the season, Coach Abe said our slogan was 'strength in numbers'. It was really nice to see her coming off the bench, she could easily be a starter, but giving us that spark off the bench was really helpful. She can change the momentum of the games.

Q. Kay Kay, the win total has gone up each year with Coach Abe. How fun has this been for you personally to have been on this trajectory, first at-large bid?
KAY KAY WRIGHT: It's been really amazing. I just think back to when I was a senior, I would come to the games, the number of games they won. To come and be a part of something so great, it makes me proud.

We put in a lot of work to get here. It wasn't easy. But we did it. It's been great ever since. Nye, she's a great player. I wanted to come here and play with her. It's been great to be a hometown hero, both of us, get some great wins for the program.

NYALA SHULER: It's meant a lot. Obviously I wanted to come to UCF to build and obviously to be here where we are today. My first year we only won about seven games. To come from seven games to 26 now is really amazing. I'm just thankful for Coach Abe and her staff for bringing us here.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports



