THE MODERATOR: With us today are Missouri Head Coach Robin Pingeton; student-athletes, Sophie Cunningham and Jordan Roundtree.

ROBIN PINGETON: First of all, thank you guys for coming out. We're obviously very excited to be sitting here today. Last night's game was an awfully tough game against a really, really talented team, and I know I gave them as many props as I could last night, but I truly feel they had a phenomenal year, and they've got a great program, and that was definitely a battle. But we're looking forward to the prep again against a very good team. Lisa obviously has been a great mentor and a friend to me. But honestly the focus, I think, is just preparing for our team to play their team. You don't really think too much about the friendship, the relationship. At least I don't because your focus is on your next opponent.

I'm excited for our kids. I think they're in a good place. I think it was good to get that game under our belt, playing in a new facility. We'd played here last year. I think it was last year. So to get out there on that court and get that first game under our belt I think was big and we're looking forward to have an opportunity to play a really good team.

We know it's going to be a great environment. The turnout for the game for Iowa yesterday was just phenomenal and I'm sure it'll be a packed house tomorrow. So we know it's going to be a battle and we know it's going to be a great environment, and we're just really blessed and excited to see another day in the NCAA Tournament.

THE MODERATOR: We'll open it up to questions for the student-athletes.

Q. Sophie, you guys have been in this position in the second round before. I guess what's the difficulty of preparing for a game on one day's notice in this kind of tournament.
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: I think we're used to it. I think early in the season we go to tournaments, and it's a one-day tournament. You don't even have 24 hours to prepare. And we just got done with the SEC tournament. It's the same exact deal. So having that experience under our belt, especially for the younger classmen on our team, I think it's really good for us.

Q. Sophie, just what would it mean to you to get to the Sweet 16 for the first time in your career?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: I think it would be awesome. I mean this is what I want. I think it's what every team wants. So it's definitely going to be a battle, it's going to be a great game. She hit on it, great environment, kind of like that South Carolina environment. So we have that experience under our belt, too.

But it's going to be fun, and I can't wait for tomorrow. We prepared. We know what we're going to do, so now we just have to go out there and execute.

Q. Sophie, you've seen Jordan really kind of grow up since she came here as a freshman. For a lot of people, what she did on the floor yesterday might be kind of a surprise, but does that kind of speak to the growth she's made since she's gone from a freshman to her time now?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: Absolutely, and I think she's made tremendous strides. I mean everyone knew she had it in her. She's one of the most athletic people on our team. And for her to go out there and step up and really own that moment, I'm just super proud of her. I knew she was going to knock it down, and she went out there and executed.

Q. Sophie, just your preliminary thoughts about facing Megan Gustafson and the challenge that she brings?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: Yeah, she's a great player. Great player, and she's a lot of their offense and we're going to have to shut her down, but I know our team is prepared. We're ready to go, and I think from top to bottom we know what we have to get done.

Q. Did you learn anything from the way Mercer attacked Megan Gustafson yesterday?
SOPHIE CUNNINGHAM: Honestly, we've watched film, and we have some idea. I'm not going to give you our game plan. That would be dumb of me. So our teams know what we need to do to get done. But, yeah, they played a heck of a game yesterday. Both teams did, and it was a battle.

Q. Jordan, what's the reaction been from friends and family from that game-winning free throw that you hit yesterday?
JORDAN ROUNDTREE: Yeah. I mean I have a great support system. It starts in the locker room. Obviously everyone, you know, we've talked about it some, but it's a new day. But my friends and my family have been great. They're just happy to see me play on this stage. They know it means a lot to the team, and I'm just happy that I have that support system that watches every single game, follows everything we do. So I've been blessed in that manner.

THE MODERATOR: Any other questions? Thank you.
