Q. Regan, what did you feel like was going right for y'all in the first half or so?
REGAN MAGARITY: I think we were playing for each other. The guards did a really good job of finding us inside. We share the ball. We always say it starts on defense, and I think we did a good job communicating, rebounding the ball and then the offense just flowed.

Q. Taylor, wanted to ask you, you've won seven of your past ten games now. What's been the difference down the stretch for you all?
TAYLOR EMERY: We've been putting pieces together. All season, we've been trying to put our pieces together and trying to get people in the right spots and who needs the ball. I think we've done a really good job on knowing what we need to do especially closing out games. I think we've done a better job in our past ten closing out games and we've played really well as a team.

Q. Taylor, you kind of flashed to the crowd early with the 3-pointer. Did you have a feeling that it was going to be a good day right after that? Were you kind of feeling it early? What was kind of the sense, you seemed to show excitement there just right off the bat?
TAYLOR EMERY: The ACC Tournament it's so fun. And my teammates were finding me. They were telling me keep shooting, keep shooting. And that's what I kept doing. And there's a lot of excitement going into this tournament and we don't plan to be leaving anytime soon.

Q. Kenny, if I'm not mistaken today's win was your 400th as a coach. Just your thoughts on that? And were you aware of it coming in?
COACH BROOKS: I was not aware of it until I turned the corner, and they sprayed me with water bottles and they got me some balloons. But it's a great fashion to do it in, especially with the stakes so high. And a couple of the water bottles sprayed a little bit longer. Maybe they were a little getting back at me for a few things. But it was really good for that.

But to do it with this group in this fashion -- we've been through a lot this year. To capture that, I think Taylor just alluded to it, we're starting to put the pieces together and we're playing our best basketball at the right time. And very proud of these kids because we went through a lot and it was a recipe for disaster. And we could have thrown in the towel but they didn't. The leadership of these kids right here they stepped up and they fought back.

And I think we're a dangerous basketball team right now. I think we definitely showed that we're one of the better basketball teams and we're not going to be an easy out. I'm very proud of what they've accomplished.

Q. Trinity, was it strange to go through an entire season and play Wake at the end, and then have them be the first team you play in the tournament right away?
TRINITY BAPTISTE: It wasn't strange. We were aware we would have a chance to play them again today. So, I mean, we gave them a little hope last game when we played them at home. But today we really wanted to make a statement.

Q. Kenny, the game in Blacksburg was a lot closer than today. How nice was it to see your team come out and just sort of take the game right from the start?
COACH BROOKS: It was fantastic. The game in Blacksburg obviously was senior night. And senior night is always an emotional game, the way the kids come out. They're always a step behind because of all the activities leading up to it, the emotions in the game. You're out of your routine.

And I thought we gathered ourselves nicely at halftime in Blacksburg, came out in pretty dominant fashion in the second half. We kind of continued that on.

We alluded that to like playing an NBA Finals game because we played them on Sunday, had to turn around and play them on Wednesday. And it's a chess match. You're trying to figure out if they're going to change things. You're wonder if they're going to play you the same way.

We made a couple of wrinkles, got us off to a really good start. The kids shot the ball extremely well. They shared the ball. We had 19 assists tonight. That's a really good sign for us; means we're playing good basketball. I thought they played tremendously in all aspects of the game and it was led by these kids right here.
