COACH JENNIE BARANCZYK: This one's really painful. Hats off to Missouri and what a great game and great environment for women's basketball. We talked about this yesterday, but just how the State of Iowa always seems to show up. I love how many fans that we brought. I love that how many Iowa fans stayed. Missouri brought fans. It's a great first-round matchup. Obviously disappointed with the outcome. This is a tough one. This is a really tough one.

And I'm proud of our team and I'm proud of the way that we did some things. There's going to be some things that we wished we could do different, but what a great game for women's basketball.

Q. How much contact was there on that last play, and were you surprised you got that about of a look there at the end?
BECCA HITTNER: I mean, I don't know, but the refs called it, so they called it. We still got a good look at the end.

Q. Sara, you got that last shot, I think it was at the end of regulation before things went into overtime. You had been pretty dominant down there all game. Did you feel like you got a good look there in your final possession there?
SARA RHINE: Yeah, I think we did get a good look. Coach Baranczyk set it up and we didn't need to look for it. I thought we executed, besides the actual making of the basket. I thought we gave ourselves really good chances.

Q. Sara, what can you take from the experience, especially going into next year?
SARA RHINE: Honestly that's really hard to answer right now. Like Coach said, this hurts a lot. Especially for our four seniors. I think more than anything it just shows that we deserve to be here. We have all that we need right within our circle. We also just need to be better, get better.

Q. You started first quarter, 5-of-10 from 3 and finished the game 9-of-25. What adjustments do you think they made?
BECCA HITTNER: I think we were just able to adjust to stretch their defense out a little bit more. We knew who their shooters were, so just keeping in mind where they were on the court and we were able to limit their shots I guess.

Q. Going into that possession from Missouri in overtime, was the message in y'all's huddle, get one stop and we feel good about where we're at?
SARA RHINE: Yeah, we just knew we needed to get a stop. Kind of got a little too aggressive I guess, but that was just our main thing was we've just got to get one stop and we're good.

Q. With Cunningham and Porter on the bench, who were you expecting them to draw the play up for, given they were out their two best players?
COACH JENNIE BARANCZYK: They have had multiple players make plays tonight. I think the biggest thing for us was just to get one stop and play team defense. That's what we really tried to do. Those hurt when they end on the free throw line. Those games hurt. That's something we have to be able to do. They obviously shot free throws really well today, and that's something that we needed to keep them off the free throw and we didn't.

Q. The officials went for the monitor --
COACH JENNIE BARANCZYK: Time.

Q. -- I was going to say, did you get any clarification on the call, but no.
At the end of the game, shooting really well there at the end. Not the look you were hoping to get out of that time-out, out-of-bounds play?

COACH JENNIE BARANCZYK: Yeah, we had two different looks and I thought we got a good look. You know, that's a shot that we had two different options and I think both of them were both of their shots.

You know, sometimes the ball doesn't go in the hole and it's never -- you know, it's so cliché because it's true. It never comes down to that and we needed to do a better job before that point.

And like I said, this is going to be one where we're going to go back and say, this was good, this was good. But I think there's going to be a lot of things that maybe weren't as good as we would have liked them to have been.

