Q. Talk about the first part of the game, first maybe half of the first quarter, you're getting killed on the boards, but they're missing their shots and maybe midway through the quarter some adjustments it looked like you made, so what kind of adjustments did you make there in the first quarter?
UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: I would have to say we had to get used to playing against their pressure and kind of how they played. We don't play a lot of teams with their quickness and size and rebounding, so I think we had to adjust to it and once we got there we were all right from there.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Yeah, I think especially since we play small and they just have two big posts down below it took us a while to get into the rotation where we were getting everybody boxed out and find the boards and we did find it and we used it.

Q. Brenna, you guys were down 11-5 early and you took a shot that seemed like it was 5 feet behind the line. Take us through that?
BRENNA CHASE: I'm going to be honest, I don't know where I'm usually shooting it. But if I get an open look I believe in myself and I'm going to put it up. Shooters gotta shoot. I took it and my team believed in me, so that was nice.

Q. Caitlyn, third quarter you guys took off, you were part of that, got a three-pointer and a couple of layups off the break. What did you make adjustment-wise at halftime?
CAITLYN ALLDREDGE: We executed 100% and we ran plays that she threw up and executed and we started pushing in the press and finding the gaps and it helped.

Q. Caitlyn, what was going right for you scoring-wise?
CAITLYN ALLDREDGE: Being the big that has to take it out a lot I don't get that opportunity but when they were missing their boards and we were able to run I was able to be up there and be like a guard again and get some of those layups.

Q. The defensive game plan it looked like you guys played a little bit more zone there, but it was aggressive. You guys were getting hands on shots, hands on passes, so can you talk about that a little bit? What you were trying to accomplish there?
UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Well, we actually practiced a lot of man this week, but our zone has been our fallback and it's always been very aggressive. So I think once we went into that they not didn't necessarily know how to handle it and it was really good for us. It definitely helped us keep them from getting to the bucket which they are very good at.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: When we can keep Sara and Shaylee in the paint you can't get in there.

Q. Third quarter really turned the game around, was the mark of the game for you guys. What happened to you guys out at halftime? What were the adjustments and what led to that big third quarter?
CAITLYN ALLDREDGE: I think we talked a lot about not fouling, rebounding and getting back in transition. We had been able to break their press, but once we finally got boards on the defensive end we were able to push the ball more and like she said, she was running the floor well and we got a lot of looks in transition in the third quarter.

Q. Brenna, you're normally known as a shooter, you put up good points today but you had a couple of blocked shots and defensively. I see Caitlyn nodding her head she is agreeing with me but defensively something was different. What was your mindset on the defensive end?
BRENNA CHASE: I mean, I want to help my team as much as I can, so I'm going to do everything I can in my power to tip the ball, get steals, keep my man in front of me. I'm just trying to do my part on the defensive end.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies. Questions for Coach?

Q. Coach, why don't you talk about the adjustments there midway through the first quarter after kind of they got off to the good start on the rebounding and they were kind of disrupting you guys a little bit with their pressure?
JEFF JUDKINS: Kind of what Brenna said. We worked all week playing our man-to-man against them. We felt it could do a good job of containing them and keeping them off the boards. As we well know things change in games and what Sara got her second foul it forced me to do things I didn't want to do and got her second foul. So I had to be careful with that. So we went in the zone and I could tell they were struggling a little bit attacking it and thought, hey, we'll play until they start hitting shots, whatever, and they really kinda got them out of rhythm where they weren't. I think the one thing it did was helped us get rebounds, maybe because Sara was more in the middle and not running out there guarding pick on balls, maybe that was part of it.

The one thing we have and a lot of people don't notice it until they play us is we have size in the middle and my guards, Shaylee and Brenna are very, very long. They showed that tonight with blocking shots, contesting shots, getting deflections and next year when I get this young freshman to figure things out we will be long everywhere and that will make a big difference, but tonight I thought they did a really good job being active. We got beat through penetration too much but for the most part we were very, very active.

Q. Brenna has been good most games, but at present seemed today she kind of led the charge and came out with a strong mentality. Can you comment on her play and what she was able to do leading you guys?
JEFF JUDKINS: I think you saw a player that didn't panic with the pressure. That's why I put her back as my back to start the game, because I knew Shaylee would drive it up and they would trap her and she would put it back and I wanted to make my best playing there for decisions and had he made side passing middle passes and she is good enough. She can dribble. The problem is she wasn't getting the ball and they were denying her.

Brenna has done that all year. Her point guard instincts have paid off and I have two point guards. Shaylee and her that have been used to doing that and it made a big difference tonight. Brenna, everybody thinks Brenna's jump shot, but when it comes down to it, Brenna is the best passer of pick-and-roll on our team and they say the best passer and making decisions ahead of her. I think some of those things people don't really understand.

The last three games Brenna has played really good for us and she has to. You're in the NCAA Tournament you're playing the best teams in the country. You've got to show up and you gotta be able to show up and do the things that the team counts on you for. Tonight was not Paisley's night, but Brenna and Caitlyn stepped it up and that's why this team has been so successful.

Q. Coach, one of the things you talked about this week was playing your game. Did you feel like the first half things, you were playing your game, but be not making shots and that changed in the second half? What do you do especially that third quarter to play your game?
JEFF JUDKINS: I think the first half, especially the first quarter there was three things we wrote on the board to concentrate on in this game, one was turnovers and not for easy baskets, the second was offensive rebounds and not letting them put back and the third was foul. It's funny as a coach when you write those three things on the board they seem for some reason to let those three things happen. Maybe I need to write something else and they will focus on that. The 5-minute timeout, they came over and I said we talked about these three things, we are not doing it. If we want to win this game we've got to change. I think they've taken a lot of my advice during the year and really tried to listen and do it and I think they came out and focused on that. Shaylee was a big part of that first half.

Sara gets two fouls and that's what people don't realize. I got a kid who started for two-thirds of the season sitting on the bench who has been a season kid and she came in and played outstanding. She is not as good in the zone and active because she doesn't have the length, but offensively she rolls the basket very, very hard and sets tough screens and tonight she got herself open for it. That's what this team has done all year and we kinda do the bigs by committee. And they've all really, really done their part.

Q. Late in the game couple of breakdowns against the press, Sara hands the ball off and they get back into it and get it down to 4.
JEFF JUDKINS: Yeah.

Q. Was there any adjustment at that point? Was it just, hey, we're going to be fine just keep doing what we're doing?
JEFF JUDKINS: I really tried to not use Sara as much as we did earlier because of the pressure. I tried to get it in my guards' hands a little bit more and tried to dribble through it a little bit better. That's where Brenna and Maria helped us. Sara will learn. She hasn't had this kind of pressure where she gets it and everybody is running at her and she just kind of panics. One thing she is good at is she is a big target. You get stuck and there's your outlet, throw it up in the air and let her go get it. She'll get stronger in making those decisions and she is a good passer. As you noticed tonight she got a couple of rebounds and kicked it out to Brenna or Shaylee and they hit a three. She is really good at that, so she should be good in the press where she can flash and make those decisions. You gotta give Auburn, they're quick.

We really don't see that. We don't see that, you know, in our league. To be able to play with those kinds of athletes and it's not just the guards, their bigs are athletic and they can move and trap and it's -- it's really hard. I got a freshman point guard who played at Arizona, probably didn't see it either. It's tough. Hopefully this will get us better for the coming future.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach.

Q. Shaylee, Stanford recruited you out of high school. How does that change your mentality going against this match-up tomorrow?
SHAYLEE GONZALES: Being at BYU means a lot to me, and playing against somebody who really wanted me makes me more competitive and to want to play my best against them.

Q. Tell us what kinds of problems Stanford gives you, how you're going to match-up against them and what you are going to take away from them?
PAISLEY JOHNSON: I honestly think we will be able to match-up pretty well against them. They have tall posts, and we obviously have tall, posts and I think we will match-up well against them. Our point guards and their guards all match-up pretty well.

Q. Sara, were your take aways from the result against Auburn and how you can apply those lessons tomorrow?
SARA HAMSON: I thought we did pretty well. I don't think it was our best game per se, which just means that if we could pull that off not playing our best game what can we do when we do play our best. It's exciting to see that we did well on this big stage and we can even do better and that we have room to grow.

Q. Paisley, how positive was it for a relatively tournament inexperienced team to have a game like Auburn right out of the gates, to handle that 40 minutes, to move on?
PAISLEY JOHNSON: It's promising. Like Sara said, we didn't have our best game, but I think that just shows the potential of our team, not even just this year but in the years to come. It's exciting for me, and I know for the girls sitting next to me just to be able to know that we have much more to offer, especially in this tournament. I'm just extremely excited for Monday.

Q. Shaylee and Paisley, tell us about Sara and what kind of advantages she gives you with the 6'7 post in there and defensively and offensively what she is able to do for you guys?
SHAYLEE GONZALES: As a point guard I absolutely love having Sara in the post. When she sets a screen on my defender and she rolls, I can always count on her to catch the ball. I throw it up high and I know she'll be there for it. She creates a lot of blocks and is really good at defense inside.

PAISLEY JOHNSON: Not just does she become such a big presence in the post but she is able to disrupt a lot of the opposing players that try to go in there, not just guards but also the posts, and she is not blocking the ball, she is disrupting it, so that's what I love about that, and she has our back if a player gets around us or has a fast break, so it's a joy to play with Sara.

Q. Paisley, you guys don't have many opportunities to have a Monday game and of course without practicing on Sunday, but it happened in the conference tournament and it's happening now. What about preparing for a game on Sunday becomes certainly unique for you guys in this situation and against a team as good as Stanford?
PAISLEY JOHNSON: I think it's a lovely experience to play on Monday, because sometimes when we come in after a long week during the season, Monday practices weren't always our best. But I think having the focus of us all being here together this afternoon -- we all went to church together this afternoon, as a program, and I thought it was lovely that we could come and bring the spiritual side of our school to the tournament with us.

And maybe we weren't able to prepare on the court, but we've been preparing all season and just preparing with God to bring the excitement and the game tomorrow. It's a good experience no matter what.

Q. Shaylee, it sounds like you expected to be here even as a freshman with this team. Now that you've gone through a game, did it meet your expectations and how do you think this team settled into the tournament after one game?
SHAYLEE GONZALES: Before coming to BYU I set a lot of goals for myself, especially as a freshman I wanted to do a lot, and I didn't know how I would fit well into the team at first, but I think going to Europe, we did a two-week trip where we played against pro teams, and that really got my feel for it.

Just being here, it's an honor and it's a blessing. I feel very blessed to be in my position.

Q. You guys got off to a little bit of a slow start rebounding yesterday, and obviously Stanford is a good team with a lot of rebounders. How are you going to rebound from the start tomorrow?
SARA HAMSON: Focusing on a body and disrupting how they rebound and going and getting the ball and grabbing with two hands and focusing on that from the start. I think it was good to have that first game to get used to just the atmosphere that it was so loud, and it's going to be even louder tomorrow, and it was a good start to get us warmed up for this game.

Q. Sara, you sat there and listened to Paisley and Shaylee say nice things about you. I'm going to give you a chance to reciprocate. You guys have had a good habit all year of finding somebody to step up in every game, and it's often somebody very different, Paisley or Shaylee, whoever. How does that make you feel in terms of putting together a scouting report? (Away from mic.)
SARA HAMSON: No, it's so hard to guard. There are so many weapons we have. Paisley off the drive and Shaylee on the pick-and-roll, we are so hard to guard, and Brenna's shots. There are so many things and you can't account for all of them because you have to help off on Paisley's drive and Shaylee's drive and both of them can shoot, too, and Brenna shoots and drives. They all do all the things, and we all do all the things and it's great. It's just hard to guard everyone at once.

Q. Sara, your sister Jen is playing professional volleyball?
SARA HAMSON: Yeah, in Germany.

Q. Have you been in touch with her? Has she given you any advice?
SARA HAMSON: She just told me go and have fun and do your best. She is really awesome. She is so supportive.

THE MODERATOR: Sara, Shaylee, Paisley, thank you.

We are joined by Coach Jeff Judkins. Coach, congratulations. If you would begin with an opening statement and thoughts in preparing for Stanford?

JEFF JUDKINS: Sure. First of all, we're very excited to be here and of course yesterday was a fun day for the BYU team. We played a very good Auburn team and being able to win that game was a big plus for our program. We really have enjoyed our time here at Stanford. We've been treated really well, and my team is excited for this challenge.

You think women's basketball, Stanford comes into mind. Tara is a great coach and has won a lot of games, so it's going to be great challenge for us, but as I know with my team, my team likes challenges, and they're excited to really get out here and play against a top-10 team. Hopefully we can do our best and be able to be victorious.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach.

Q. Coach, talk about what you see on the tape or video or whatever we call it these days. What kind of problems does Stanford present for you guys?
JEFF JUDKINS: They cause a lot of problems. They have probably one of the top five players in the country in Smith, very versatile, can shoot it from the three, can post up, can run the floor, can defend. She causes a total nightmare, and unless you have a player of that caliber, it's very difficult. Their guard line is really solid, and what I mean by that is that they have great penetration through their point guard, but their wings can all shoot, and they're very physical, both in the post and also with the guards, and lastly, then they execute and run their plays to perfection.

I've watched the early tapes and I've watched the latter part of them playing in the season to try to get a good feel of the team. They're running the same stuff they ran in December, they're just running it better right now than they did then.

She has made some changes to the starting line-ups for her team to get better, and that happens. I did the same thing. You make changes to improve your team, but they're very, very solid, excellent defense team. They're not going to pressure us like Auburn did, but their it defense causes a lot of turnovers because of the way they play. They play position and they make you force things that you really don't have. There is no question they have advantage playing at home. I would like to change it and play in the Marriott Center; it would be a little better for us, but this is a great challenge for our program.

This is where we want to be. For us to play Stanford and to be able to have an opportunity to compete is exciting for us.

Q. Jeff, you guys don't get many opportunities to play on Monday during the season but you had one at the tournament for the conference and now. What's the Sunday preparation like with this team, especially going into the obviously the biggest game of the year?
JEFF JUDKINS: We prepared. We've had opportunities like this before in the NCAA. We've had this during our conference tournament. What we do as a team, this morning we went to church together, enjoyed being with each other. We will go back after this media and spend some time with their families and then we will probably go out to dinner as a team and just enjoy each other. Then we always -- no matter what night it is, we always meet together at night and we just talk as a team, either read scriptures together or talk about the gospel in our lives.

Especially Sunday, today, will be fun for me because I'll have an opportunity to maybe talk a little bit spiritual things to them today. Tomorrow is when we are going to pound it. So we're kind of lucky the game is at 8:00. That gives the coaches more time. It gives us time to get a shootaround and walk through it. We have had in the past where we don't get a shootaround in the morning, and that makes it a little bit difficult.

You know, we believe, and I think all of us do, that we've done this, we've prepared for it, and, you know, we will be blessed by doing it the way that we need to do it. My girls, when they walked in they were like, Stanford is practicing, yeah, but they know that we're not going to do that, and they're fine with it, so we're excited to get going.

Q. Coach, what do you feel like your strength is, or your advantage will be against Stanford, and how are you looking to exploit that tomorrow?
JEFF JUDKINS: I think our advantage is we have three guards that can score in many different ways. Like last night, Paisley did not have one of her best offensive games, but somebody else steps it up. Our guards can shoot it, they can penetrate, they can pull up, they can run the floor, no matter who you put on them, they seem to find whatever clicks the best in the game, whatever match-up. Second, we have size. Sara is definitely a force in there.

It's sad she got in early foul trouble. She couldn't be as aggressive as I would have liked her to be, but she causes a lot of problems in the middle with her length. Then, of course, I think our bench, with our bigs, we bring a lot of physicality with Shalae and Jasmine and Babalu. Those three can bang with anybody. When Stanford goes big with one of their bigs, I'm going to sub one of my bigs and get it equal a little bit.

And Maria played so well last night. For her to come in and do what she did when Paisley wasn't as good offensively was a real plus, and I feel comfortable with her because she can handle the ball and move without the ball. All those things are great.

I think right now if we can move the ball and really get it spread out, we can cause some problems.

Q. Coach, you followed you're only dip in the season of three straight losses with now nine straight wins coming into tomorrow. What's been most consistent do you think or among the consistencies in this current nine-game run you're on?
JEFF JUDKINS: I would say first it would be defensively, the intensity to detail and doing the things that we needed to do. It's so funny how this works. Your team is successful when they start listening. It's like you're a parent and you tell your kids to do all these things, and they don't listen, and finally they listen to you.

They're listening; not just in practice. They're listening on the court when you say something to them. You kind of say they're "tuned in". I think that's been a big part of it. I think the second part of it is a lot of players have really accepted their role. Look at Jasmine. Jasmine was starting for me, and she knows now that our team is better by her coming off the bench. Maria started a lot, same way with her. Shalae was a starter until she got injured, and Sara has come in and brought something, so the team has joined together in whatever it takes for us to win.

Probably the next thing is we're really moving the ball a lot better, getting more people involved, and I'm probably coaching better. I'm putting my team in a better position to be successful.

Hopefully we can just keep it up. This has been incredible but we're not satisfied with just winning one game. My team wants to advance. They want to go as far as they can. This will be a really, really good -- a big opportunity for us. I mean, Stanford is one of the top six teams in the country. I know they won't be afraid of them because they weren't afraid of some other teams.

I'm excited to really coach this game, so it will be good for all of us.

Q. A lot has been made of the chemistry and how well they get along with each other. How has that helped your success? How is does this team's chemistry compare to others?
JEFF JUDKINS: When you have 80 people going out to dinner every night and hanging together and wanting to be with each other instead of running to their families or somewhere else, you know you have great team work and chemistry.

This team has been this way for, really, the start of the season. They just want to hang with each other. They like to do things together. If people know me very well, I don't like cliques. This team is not cliquey at all. They hang with different people. As you know, we have a lot of young players; maybe that's part of it.

The seniors and the upperclassmen have done a fabulous job of just letting them understand what's going on with BYU, and I think the players that have been the stars. They're team players. They don't care about all the recognition. All they care about is this team winning. So for me it's been a joy to really coach. People that have been around them during the season, you can just tell when they say things to me like, "Hey, you can tell" -- we had a great football player, Steve Young, say something to us yesterday. He said, "You can just tell your team is really on the same page and they just love each other," and that's the first time he's seen us in person.

To be able to have his analysis to that means quite a bit. So it's been a lot of fun. This season has been a joy to coach them because of that.

Q. Can you talk about Hamson's development? Obviously a legacy, her sister, her mom, so big for BYU in the past? Highly recruited and all that. The legacy part but how she has developed in the last couple of years.
JEFF JUDKINS: This year, a lot of people don't know it, she tore her meniscus in August playing volleyball. So she missed our trip to Europe and really missed about six weeks of practice. The young lady worked her heart out to get back and she came back two weeks quicker than we thought. But we had to be really careful with her, lower her minutes and really watch what we had to do in practice. She just has gradually gotten better and better and better.

I would say the last month maybe month and a half she's played like she was playing last year and she's start to go develop a lot more confidence in the offensive end. I think part of it is we're running an offense that fits her style and that is where she screen and rolls to the basket and comes out and pops and can pass it.

But her family, whatever -- I never really saw their mom play but her older sister, Jen, was just developing and got better every single day. They are very, very smart. They understand the game. So when you coach them and teach them things they remember that stuff. I'm excited because she's not going to play volleyball next year; she is going to focus on basketball. So now I've got her in preseason, lifting weights, getting her stronger.

I've had about 20 people send me texts, this is very interesting, kind of shocked me, said you better sign her up for ballet lessons. So I think I'm going to get her in ballet at BYU, try to help her get her balance better. She has gotten so much better. In that game yesterday, I saw a little fire in Sara. I kind of liked that, where she lost the ball, and they shot it, and she rebounded with fire in her eyes. If I can keep that up with her, she's going to be a great player for us.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

Q. Shaylee, a freshman, and you had this tremendous game, perfect from three, perfect from the line. Disappointing loss but how do you feel about the way you played in your first year?
SHAYLEE GONZALES: You know, it wasn't just all me. It was my team, too. They were the ones who were getting me open and setting screens for me and just play-making and the spacing. You know, it's an amazing experience to be where I am at right now, and I feel very pleased and very honored to be with this amazing team, and amazing coaches that make me better on and off the floor.

Q. Shaylee, I wish I could articulate this, but such a tremendous game. You were talking yesterday that Stanford had recruited you a little bit and that you felt motivated by that. I mean, was this kind of an, I'm-just-as-good-as-those-kind-of-national-recruits-that-they-get thing for you?
SHAYLEE GONZALES: Yeah, coming into this game, like you said, I was being recruited by them, and I just wanted to prove myself and show that, like, even if you're a freshman, you can do anything, and it doesn't matter if you're a senior or a freshman. Just work hard, work your butt off and it will pay off in the end.

Q. How much can a game like this where you get to measure yourself against a program like Stanford, not just you personally, but the team, how much can this motivate you guys next year?
SHAYLEE GONZALES: This will motivate us big time. Coming into this game, we knew that was going to be tough, and as the No. 2 seed, we knew that they were going to -- we just know that they are going to hit their shots, and we've got to work in the post.

I think we played very well against them. Like Juddy said, I think the third quarter was our worst quarter where we were being kind of selfish and I think that fourth quarter, we got back and we were playing good defense and scoring, and just that energy that was brought was very helpful for us.

JASMINE MOODY: Also, like she said, this loss motivates us for next year because we know we want to be a team like Stanford, where we want to host at the Marriott. We know what work needs to be done this summer and we're motivated to do it.

Q. For both of you, did Stanford change up anything defensively on you in the third quarter or you guys started missing shots?
JASMINE MOODY: I think not only did we miss a little bit of the shots, but we kind of started getting a little bit tired. And with Stanford, we can't afford to be tired. We have to like keep up our energy and be consistent the whole time. I think getting a little tired and being selfish is what caused the drought a little bit.

SHAYLEE GONZALES: Yeah.

Q. We've talked all year about how young this team is, and you guys are returning every active player I think except for one who is graduating, but is that any bit of a consolation? I don't want to talk about moral victories or anything, but is it a consolation knowing that you guys can keep growing and you have another year to grow and gel and come together?
JASMINE MOODY: Yes, we know this is just the beginning. It's just the start. We got a little bit of taste of the NCAA and we know that we want to keep coming back here consistently forever. We know with this young team that we can only get better from here.

Q. Can you talk about Shaylee's development, freshman comes in, immensely talented, but to come through the season and get to the point where she can have this kind of game, 32 points against the sixth-best team in the country, if you believe rankings.
JASMINE MOODY: I didn't even know she had 32 points to be honest, but good job, Shaylee, that's amazing.

Shaylee has really grown this year. She has really taken to heart what the coaches and us as teammates have said to her.

She really listens well and tries to adjust her game and I think that's honestly what's helped her is being open and listen. She knows she's a good player but listening to tear teammates and her coaches is what helps her to develop her game to be even better. She's only go to get better from here and we're so blessed and happy to have her as part of our team.

Q. The players were saying that fatigue and selfishness, I don't know, were problems in the third quarter. How did you see it?
COACH JEFF JUDKINS: I think what Jasmine said was Stanford's really physical, and they are physical on us coming off ball screens with using their body and pushing and hitting us, and I think after a period of time it sometimes wears you out more than running up and down the court.

It's just getting hit constantly. It's kind of like an offensive lineman that keeps hitting the guy and eventually the defensive line gets slower and gets tired.

We're not used to it. In our league, surprisingly, those refs, the Pac-12 in our league, they don't let us get as physical as that, and I think it affected us tonight where we weren't used to it.

I know right now, when I talk to them in practice, that you've got to cut harder. You've got to be stronger. You've got to be more balanced. They are going to listen a lot more to me now because that's what I'm talking about. Teams that are physical, doing it.

I really thought Shaylee, personally, she missed some thoughts that she usually doesn't miss and part of it was just getting hit and not being able to finish that, but what a great -- I didn't realize she had that many points. I knew she had a good game, but 32 is pretty sweet for a freshman and in a tournament against a very, very good team.

But I think that's what we needed to do better. We've got to get more inside presence. Tonight we just couldn't get the ball inside like we should, and I think that hurt us, too.

Q. Paisley picked up her fourth foul pretty early, how did that affect your play?
COACH JEFF JUDKINS: It hurt us because her sub is Maria, who is a 5'8 point guard, has to go in and try to battle Smith and all these monster players in there, and it just hurts us. No matter how much Maria wants to compete, you know, when somebody is taller, they are just going to get the rebound over you.

So that affected us tonight. Paisley, you saw the first half, is a really explosive player, and she's not used to that. She's not used to people being as physical as she is and I'm sure after this game she will see that, you know, you've got to be a little more balanced when you pull up on your shot, don't rush it and do some of those things and then not create dumb fouls in a big game like that.

But Paisley has been a solid kid all year, and she's really kind of been the physical player on our team.

Q. Brenna had a good game last time against Auburn, but she was scoreless for most of the game until it was two 3s in the third quarter I think. What was going on with her? Was it the defense or was she just off?
COACH JEFF JUDKINS: They did a really good job on her. They denied her everywhere. They didn't help off her. They -- they didn't want her to shoot, bottom line.

Brenna needs to use her teammates a little bit better to get open than just cutting, and I think that's something that I can't wait to sit down with her and show her and say, you've got to do a better job with that.

But the good thing about Brenna is she didn't get all upset about it that she doesn't get shots. She's trying to get her teammates ready to go and she didn't worry about that, but it really hurt us tonight with her not getting shots that we normally expect from her.

She did it, like you said, the fourth quarter. But that third quarter, she couldn't get anything, and that's -- that's something -- I tried to run a couple plays for her and they just bodied her through the screens and she couldn't do it.

She's never going to be the strongest kid out there, but if she can learn to use her teammates and use jasmine as a screener and run people into them, then she'll be able to get herself free.

Q. First half defensively was like the Auburn game, disrupting their shots and getting hands on passes and all of that. Third quarter, though, they started to hit a lot of shots. Was that your kids getting a little bit tired or was stand for doing anything different?
COACH JEFF JUDKINS: They really overloaded a lot and they tried to screen our center, Sara, and tried to get some cuts underneath the basket. We got caught a couple times with that, and then they really seemed to focus more of getting the ball in the corner the second half with their threes, and you know, when Smith's hitting them out there, it's really tough. I really thought that they penetrated as good as any team against us in that zone, and that hurt us.

We had to attack and they kicked it, and that give them some shots. You know, I'm playing a 5'10 power forward that has the heart of a line and after a period of time, you get tired and you can't maybe close out as fast or your length. I think that's kind of what happened a little bit to us tonight.

I wanted to play a little more man because I knew Stanford would do that, but we just had a really hard time guarding their inside presence. That's why we had to go more zone.

Q. As you take this team into next year, how much of this game do you show them as a measuring stick? You said before you want to be Stanford and be this way. How much will this game allow you to take that to them?
COACH JEFF JUDKINS: When I'm talking to them and teaching them in skill development during the summer, I think they will realize we did get pushed around a little and we need to get stronger. They are going to get in the weight room, I guarantee you and work a lot harder than that; so when they get hit they don't lose their wind.

I think more importantly, I don't know if it's the Shock, but I think getting here and playing against a real physical team on the road -- they only lost one game here, that was against Oregon and Oregon shot lights out. To know that they hung with them, and just one eight-minute stretch where they just didn't play up to par, cost them the game. I think it's going to really help us with our confidence.

You know, we got a lot of young kids that this is the first big game of their life, and I think they will really learn from that and hopefully -- they are not satisfied. Let me put it that way. We've got another game. They will be ready to go, which I think that's going to help us.

Thanks, we really enjoyed being here, Stanford. You did a great job with everything.

Q. There's another send-off rally scheduled for noon. In the past few 12 of these, these trips have taken on a feeling of routine. It feels a little different this year. Can you discuss how and why it feels different to the team and the fan base?
GENO AURIEMMA: It's odd in a lot of ways. It's odd because what would be viewed as a magical season at every single school in America except ours. This is a struggle, man. 35-2, I don't know how they managed to do this. I have no idea how they managed because it's so unlike them. I mean, two losses in one year... It's remarkable that they're in the Final Four with two losses. It's the most bizarre thing I've ever experienced.

But it's commonplace here. I'm thrilled that there's this feeling of joy because these accomplishments are meant to be celebrated. I do think our fan base has become spoiled. I do think they've lost sense of reality. Hopefully this year they realize this is really hard.

The fact that we're going to 12 straight Final Fours, that shouldn't mean that it's easy or we should expect to be there every single year by birthright. So I'm glad people are reacting the way they're reacting. It's about time.

Q. You and Muffet are a similar age, were at Saint Joe's within a year of each other, you left as she came in.
GENO AURIEMMA: Right.

Q. Talk about your time in the Philadelphia area, how that contributed to the way you coach and your career.
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, sure.

I think we're all products of where we grew up. Every one of us is shaped by our environment and the people we were in contact with growing up.

I think, for sure, where I grew up, where Muffet grew up, where we coached, kind of places that we were fortunate enough to coach at, the people that we came in contact with, either that we worked with or just had an opportunity to associate with, had a great influence on me especially.

You take on that personality and that kind of attitude. I imagine it's still there. I've been gone from Philadelphia for a long time, but I imagine it's part of the city, part of the basketball community.

When I left Philadelphia, the problem is, I felt I knew everything about everything, people in Philadelphia had invented the game of basketball. I needed to go to a place like the University of Virginia to realize that, well, not really. There's a lot of great places to learn about basketball. There's a lot of great environments that can shape you. So I was fortunate to be able to do that.

I think growing up where I grew up, how I grew up, the people that I got to associate with, no question has kind of made me in some ways the coach that I am today.

Q. You played Notre Dame obviously earlier this year. How useful is the tape of that game? Specific to this team, I'm not sure there's a system or a coaching staff maybe that you know better than them. Is the game tape earlier this year effective or as it always has been for so many years, does it really come down to execution at the specific time in that specific game against such a good program?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, I don't think that a game that you play in December is really going to tell you a whole lot about a game that you play in the Final Four. There was a few years ago when we played -- Stewie was here, we played Notre Dame, I think we lost to them three times in the same year, then beat them really good in the Final Four. That Final Four game had nothing in common with the previous three games.

So, yeah, that was the case this weekend when we played Louisville. I think when you play somebody once, you do get a feel for who they are, what they are. But we already know that. We play them every year. We certainly have come to know them and respect them, admire how they play.

There isn't anything that you're going to be able to come up with and go, I think I got an idea. I think we can show them something they've not seen before. I don't know that you can do that. I think that this time of the year you got to go in and outplay them. That's not easy for anybody to do.

Q. This is the 30-year anniversary of your first NCAA tournament team with Kerry and Wendy and Debbie. I know it's a lifetime ago. Is there anything that sticks out in your mind about that team all these years later?
GENO AURIEMMA: The only thing that's the same is that we were not the favorite going down to the Final Four, not when you had teams like Virginia, Stanford, Tennessee. We were not even close to being in the conversation.

I think this year, we lost at Baylor, we lost at Louisville. I think there was the sense of Connecticut doesn't have it this year, it's not one of their better teams. I don't think anybody, when the NCAA tournament started, was saying, Connecticut is the team to beat.

We were undersized. We were counting on a couple seniors and a couple young players. But in terms of where our program is, where the NCAA tournament is, all that, it does seem like a lifetime ago. Sometimes I can't believe that it's the same program. I reminded my players in the locker room after the Louisville game, I said, I haven't felt like this since the first Final Four in 1991. I think that was the last time I felt that feeling in the locker room.

They all looked at me: 1991? I don't even know if their parents were born in 1991 (laughter). So, yeah, things are completely different.

Q. You as somebody who loves sports, all sports, can appreciate the greatness of a rivalry. Can you put into context playing a team 50 times. Obviously you know each other so well, but there's so many rich storylines throughout that. Also, maybe comment specifically on this Notre Dame team. There's so much emphasis on how many points their offense has scored, but what makes this team particularly difficult to face?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, the fact that we were in the same league for a bunch of years, and at times we would end up playing each other four times, you add them all up, that's a lot of games. Then you throw in the NCAA tournament games.

There were a lot of memorable regular-season games, a lot of memorable NCAA games with a lot on the line. There were some incredibly memorable NCAA Final Four games, championship games where we're still I think the only teams that would play in the championship game when both teams were undefeated. So much, so much, so many great players on both sides, so many great stories.

Even now when we're in different leagues, it seems like that hasn't changed, that that same intensity level, that same anticipation is still there. I always think when the season starts, Okay, no matter how far we go in the tournament, at some point, if we go far enough, we're going to have to play Notre Dame. It generally turns out that way.

This team I think is one of the best teams they've ever had because they're really not missing anything. There's no place where you can really exploit because they've got great guard play, they've got players at every position that are capable of taking over a game at any time. You saw last night, Arike went to the bench with three fouls and Jackie Young just took over the game.

People talk about Notre Dame, the first people they talk about is Arike, then they talk about Jessica Shepard. Then you have a kid like Jackie Young. You know you have a great team when maybe your best player is kind of the unsung hero of your team, and she proves it every big game.

They're big, they're athletic enough, they're really tough, they're explosive. I mean, I don't know. Unless Notre Dame plays poorly, which you have to hope for. When we played them at their place, we played great and I'm not sure they played their best game. This is one of those instances, for us anyway, I remember being in the Final Four lots of times and saying, If we play our A game, we can't lose no matter what the other team does. This is one of the times where if we don't play our A game, we're going to get blown out. Even if we play our A game, we still could lose. That's how good they are.

Q. There's been a lot of great Final Fours with great players. I think people are excited about this because of obviously you guys, 20-time Final Four appearances, then a team like Oregon making its first breakthrough with players like Sabrina Ionescu. We're seeing east to west, south with Baylor, an interesting group of Final Four participants and the individual players that are in it.
GENO AURIEMMA: Notre Dame and UConn, people have come to notice one or both of us has a pretty good chance year in and year out, because that's the way it's played out, to be in the Final Four.

Baylor is back. They haven't been there since 2012, something like that. Saw some graphic last night. Then Oregon for the first time. When Kelly Graves got the job at Oregon, I remember telling the people at Nike, I said, I think they're going to be in the Final Four in four years. I said, He's a really good coach, and Oregon is going to obviously do whatever they need to do, they're going to get great. It took them five years, I think.

I'm not surprised that Baylor is back, obviously. I mean, they've already won two titles. I'm not surprised Oregon is there, given Kelly is a terrific coach, what they had to offer.

But I think it speaks to the quality of play throughout the country, that there's a lot of schools, Oregon is a perfect example, you get the right person in there, you give them all the resources that they need. UCLA is another example, we played them the other night, of teams that 10 years ago, 15 years ago, no one gave them a second thought, now they're contenders. That's happening all over the country. The fact that a great program like Baylor has not been to a Final Four in a few years, that shows you how tough it is to get there.

The game has never been more competitive, I think. When people ask me about going to a Final Four for 12 years, stop asking me because I don't have words to describe this. It's not normal. It's bizarre. I know how hard it is. These teams that go there every year prove how hard it is.

Q. After the last game, Muffet and Arike apologized to their fans for what happened. I went back and watched the video last night. Arike hip checked Crystal from behind, then she was not called for that, then she was called for a foul when she grabbed her from behind around the neck or head. Did you think that Arike owed Crystal an apology, or it's part of this greatest rivalry in women's basketball? How do you keep your players poised through all this?
GENO AURIEMMA: I think emotions run pretty high, especially in a game like that. I remember there were some unbelievably emotional, difficult times when we played Tennessee a couple times every year. I remember there was a tremendous amount of back and forth going at each other in our Rutgers series.

We've been through this a lot. We've been through this a lot. The emotions of a Notre Dame-Connecticut game run really high. Arike is an emotional player. Had some of those. I wish I had more of them. Things happen during the course of the game.

I don't think you can get caught up in what's going on that is going to affect how you're going to play, the way the game is meant to be played. I don't think anybody owes anybody an apology for anything. I'm going to do what I'm going to do. If you don't like it, that's your problem. The referees have an obligation to decide is that appropriate or not appropriate.

I didn't expect an apology, nor do I need one, nor do I think one was necessary. Players are emotional. Coaches are emotional. Things get said. Things get done. You just move on.

Q. Looking back, is this guy playing possum? When you were in Tampa a while back, you said this may be the first time in Tampa you're sitting in the stands and not on the bench. You meant it obviously.
GENO AURIEMMA: You guys didn't believe me (laughter).

Q. I believe you now. Having said that, how wide open do you think this Final Four is? 10 losses between the four teams. Oregon is seen as a Cinderella. They've lost four times. What kind of show is this going to be?
GENO AURIEMMA: That's what I mean. I mean, there's this crazy perception out there that if you lose once or twice... In men's basketball, if you lose once or twice, that's not a bad month, you know. You lose twice in one month, that's not bad. You come out with five or six at the end of the season, that's okay. We've had a great year.

Women's basketball, people are a little bit whacky. I think when you look at the teams that are in the Final Four, there's just a lot of contrast. It's an exciting Final Four because you've got different aspects to all four teams. All four teams have certain strengths, they all have certain weaknesses, although some have more strengths and some have more weaknesses, some have less of both.

I just think it's exciting because all four teams are used to winning. All four teams have kind of thought of themselves as Final Four teams all year long. All four teams have been in a little bit of a struggle to get there.

I think it's going to be great for the fans. I'll tell you what, it's got a ways to go to top last year's Final Four. Who knows? Maybe even the people on TV will start talking about us.

Q. You milking this underdog thing?
GENO AURIEMMA: Underdog? We were the No. 2 seed in Albany. My friend Jeff Walz kept saying, Louisville is the underdog, Connecticut is great, blah, blah, blah.

If three of my players don't come out for the opening tip, they're like, Connecticut is going to only win by three, they're playing with two guys. There's no such thing as us being the underdog in some people's eyes.

Q. In light of a lot of what's gone on in college basketball over the past few years, a lot of conversation about coaches being over the line and players complaining, there being legitimate issues, as well. How do you as a coach handle and figure out where that line is between motivation and going too far? More to the point, what do we need to have within the industry to be able to get that understanding? A lot of times I feel like players don't know where that line is, but coaches too. Almost like you're driving on the road without knowing what the speed limit is. What do you think should be done to give everyone guidance?
GENO AURIEMMA: I think everybody's different. Everybody has to coach to their personality. Some people are very demonstrative, way out there. I've seen coaches, male and female, completely lose it on the sideline, on their players, on the officials, on everybody.

Some people are very reserved. Some people act like they're very reserved and play the holier than thou, then behind closed doors, when nobody's looking, they're a whole different human being.

Everybody's got to coach to their personality. Some people are better at hiding it than others. Some coaches clap all the time. Some coaches are miserable all the time. Some are somewhere in between.

It's harder today than it's ever been to motivate players. I think what a lot of coaches have done is, Okay, fine. If you don't want to get in your stance and play defense, you don't have to. You don't want to run back on defense, you don't have to. You don't want to pass the ball to your teammates, you don't have to. I think coaches have given in. I'm a man-to-man coach. Well, nobody wants to listen to me, we'll just play zone for the whole year.

I think coaches have become afraid. Coaches are afraid of their players. The majority of coaches in America are afraid of their players. The NCAA and the athletic directors and society has made them afraid of their players. Every article you read, this guy is a bully, this woman is a bully, this guy went over the line, this woman was inappropriate. Everything you read.

Yet the players get off Scot free and everything. They can do whatever they want. They don't like something you say to them, they transfer. The NCAA goes, Oh, somebody got mad at you because you didn't box out, that's dramatic, you can go to another school.

Coaches have to coach with one hand behind their back. Why? Because some people have abused the role of a coach.

Q. There's this dichotomy, there are coaches who are motivating, there are coaches who have abused that power. Do you think something like a panel of coaches coming together, trying to set some standards, guidelines, would allow there to be a way to measure this, a measure of protection for coaches and players at the same time?
GENO AURIEMMA: I don't know. I don't know that there is. I don't know that there is. I don't think you're ever going to be able to legislate someone's emotions, someone's passion. Who is the judge and jury of that's passion, that's over the line? One person's over the line might be another person's passion.

People gave Tom Izzo a lot of grief for something he did on the sideline. His players loved that. He doesn't have to care what you think of it. He just has to care what his players think of it. If his players all transferred, if his players all quit on him, then he went over the line. If his players play really hard for him, they keep winning, they love him, they keep coming back to the program, then that's passion.

Maybe people need to look at, like, what do the people that are involved, how do they react. You're raising your kids. Are we going to have a judge and jury that says this is how you raise your kid. You're being passionate with the kids, you're over the line with the kids.

Why don't you let the kids that are adults, young adults, 18, 19, 20 years old, why don't you let them decide. If you don't like it, leave, transfer. Who are we to stand on the sideline and watch people do their job and go, That's inappropriate. There are things that are inappropriate. We all know what they are. Everybody knows what they are.

That's up to us and up to the athletic director, to the president. That's up to the people that are directly involved to make that decision. It's not for us to stand three thousand miles away and go, That's inappropriate.

Who wants to come into your house and tell you how to raise your children, what you can say, what you can do, what it means? I mean, enough already. Let people fend for themselves. I mean, I get we have to keep an eye on things. We don't want people to abuse the system. I get that. I'm all in favor of that.

I just find it a little bit disconcerting that more and more coaches are being told, This is inappropriate, you're not acting the right way. What is the right way and who is going to decide what the right way is? I don't know what the answer to that is.

Q. If you don't know, I certainly don't know.
GENO AURIEMMA: Hey, I'm probably the biggest culprit in the country, so who the hell am I to talk?

RICK NIXON: Again, Geno, thank you for your time today. We look forward to seeing you in Tampa.

GENO AURIEMMA: Thank you.

Q. For both of you, the three times you've been here before, you knew there was another year, another chance to get back to the Final Four. Coach just said some wonderful words about both of you. What does it mean to know no matter what happens this weekend it's your last chance to play in a Final Four and win a national championship?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: It is really different. Even though, of course, every year you come here, you know you want to make the season worth it, you want to come here and want to win. Knowing that we don't have another chance, it's just another thing that adds to the fact that we need to be really focused and locked in, and we need to do everything we can in our power to reach the goal that we want.

KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: It's kind of unbelievable in some ways because it feels like the UConn jersey is one we've been wearing forever. It seems like while you're playing here, it's never going to end. You always are going to play another game, have another practice. The fact that it is kind of the end of the road, we just want to go out and give everything we have because we know this could be one of the last few chances we get to wear the UConn jersey on our chest.

Q. For both of you, can you reflect on the way the last two Final Fours ended for you guys, to what degree do you bring that back with you here?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: It is really hard having your season end like that, especially two times in a row. It's kind of like the worst situation that you can have. Overtime, a last shot like that, it happened to us twice. It is really hard.

It's something that our first year we were like, We need to use this, make ourselves better. Then we didn't really take that to heart. We said it this year. You could see I think even from the summer, everyone just came in really focused, with a different mentality than we had the year before. Our team dynamic even this year is so much better.

So I think that especially being here now, about to play in that same game that we did those last two years, you know that in practice we have to be that much better and that much on top of things because we don't want that to happen again.

KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: It makes us probably more than anyone understand that there's only one thing guaranteed at a time. For this Final Four, for this section of the tournament specifically, we know it's just as easy to have one game as it is to have two. We're not looking ahead of anything. All our focus is going into Friday night. Whatever happens, we need to take care of business and do and put everything on the line. We can't save anything for the next game.

Q. Napheesa, you guys this year are coming to the NCAA tournament with a loss or two, something that didn't happen in the previous two years. You faced adversity being down in games. Will that potentially help you now? Does that help prepare you guys better that you've been in almost every situation this year?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: It definitely does prepare us. As much as it sucks to lose games during the year, it does give you that experience. We've had more close games this year than we have in all my years combined. Again, that experience really does help you because you're not in that position for the first time on the biggest stage in the biggest game.

We know if we get in those positions, we know what to do in order to bring ourselves out of whatever is going on, to stay calm, kind of just trust in ourselves and know we've been here before, there's no reason to, like, panic, I guess.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies.

We'll continue with questions for Coach Auriemma.

Q. You're going to have two teams in one game where the players, neither of their players, have ever played in a Final Four game. Another game where obviously both teams have players with experience. Do you have any idea what differences are going to manifest themselves based on that?
GENO AURIEMMA: I don't know. I think when you've played in this game, and this will be Napheesa [Collier] and Lou's [Katie Lou Samuelson] fourth time being in this game, it's good and bad. You know this is what happens at the end if you play great. You get to play in the national championship game on Sunday. But you also have a lot of bad memories, too. Sometimes those memories pop up in the last five minutes of a game.

When you've never played in this game, you don't have any bad memories. You don't have any good ones either, but you don't have any bad ones. Everything is new, everything is fresh, you just play.

Yeah, I would think the first game is two teams that are playing with a certain amount of emotion, I can't believe we've reached our dream, we're in the Final Four. Then you have two teams in the second game playing, No big deal, we're here to win a national championship. Not that the other two aren't, but I just think it's a different mindset.

Q. You've been here 20 times, to this point. I think tomorrow will be your 31st game at the Final Four. That's a full season of basketball basically in this setting, which is rather remarkable.
GENO AURIEMMA: Wow, wow.

Q. I know each journey is unique for the people involved, but to you does it still feel unique? It's not a surprise to see UConn here. Does each one still feel like a unique experience to you, beyond the fact that the players and opponents are different?
GENO AURIEMMA: I think so. I think so. I'm just as like this (nervous) today and tomorrow as I was the very first time. Maybe even more so, you know. The first time ever here, I thought, What's the big deal? Nobody's expecting us to win. We're going to play and we're going to beat Virginia. Why does everybody think this is going to be really hard? This isn't going to be hard.

When you're young, you're trying to do something, you think nothing can stop you. I think as you get older, you start to realize, You know how many things could go wrong Friday night? You start getting more, you know -- like I said, it's like a golfer who has never missed a 5-foot putt and they keep winning. Until when? Until they do. The next time they have a 5-footer, they remember the one they missed. It's still there even more so than it ever was in the beginning.

Yeah, it takes your breath away. So I guess I still have it.

Q. Same thing I asked the players. Obviously losing is never a good thing, but for a team that has gotten to this point the last two years and lost in the Final Four game, does it help going through what you did this year to have been in tight games, in situations that they may not have seen in the past? If you get down tomorrow night, We've been here before, like against UCLA?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, yeah. It's crazy to talk about that. We had a lot of adversity this year. We lost two games. I mean, just saying those words makes you think, What an idiot, whoever would say we faced a lot of adversity this year and lost two games? Some people lose two games in a weekend.

Yet, at the same time, our players have already experienced something different than they've experienced the other couple years. Any other team in America, they lose the game, it's in the newspaper tomorrow, probably on page 4, or can't find it on dot-com anywhere. We lose a game, it's at Baylor, it's on the CBS Evening News. Our kids have experienced that dramatic feeling of, Oh, my God, we lost. They got up the next day, we still had practice, everything was great.

I think there's this sense coming out here this year, What's the big deal? We've been down that road already. We know what it's like to lose. We know what it's like to win. For the first time, I can honestly say in a long time, in the UCLA, second half, and the Louisville game, I was coaching a Connecticut team that wasn't burdened being afraid to lose, and was playing to win.

I wonder, last year and the year before, coming out here, and I know for sure that they did, those teams were more afraid to lose the national championship than wanting to win a national championship. That comes out, and it did.

We might get beat. We might get beat tomorrow night. But we're not going to lose. They're going to have to beat our [expletive]. We're not just going to lose because we're afraid to lose.

Q. You mentioned 1991. Kind of along the same theme here, how has this experienced changed for you, going from the young cocky coach that went in there with nothing to lose, but also the guy that went back in the archives? You got emotional winning the regional that year. Now here you are as one of the more well-known people in sports, people want to hear what you have to say on this platform? It's a different world. Share your thoughts on the personal experience and transformation.
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, I didn't learn to speak English till I was 8. I didn't really learn how to speak it probably till I was 10. But once I learned, I didn't want to shut up (smiling). The unique thing, like nobody cared what I had to say.

I've been saying things that are on my mind for the longest time that I can remember. Now I'm a little bit like, What? when people go, Wow, Geno Auriemma said that? So what? I've been saying stuff like this all my life, it's just that nobody cared.

Now, yeah, from a personal standpoint, I feel like I have to keep in mind that my voice resonates different than it did years ago, and that just because I say something, people think that it must be true. Or, Wow, this is what Geno Auriemma thinks. So now I have to weigh in on it. I don't understand that.

It's like people putting their whole life on Instagram or stuff. I'm in the supermarket, look what I'm buying. Who gives a [expletive]? You do. You want everybody to know what you think or what you're doing. So I don't get that part. I really don't. Right? I'm like, Gene Hackman in The Birdcage, I don't understand. One of the great movies of all time. He goes, I don't understand.

Q. We were talking to Kelly Graves a bit ago. You mentioned how many times, 20 times you've been here. He said that you guys had a chance to visit a little bit. You had some words of wisdom, said, Welcome to the club. Share a little bit about what you talked about, what you think of this Oregon program, what he's done as a coach?
GENO AURIEMMA: I told him he cost me money because I told the people at Nike, when they hired Kelly, I said, I'll bet you a lifetime of free sneakers that in four years Kelly will have Oregon in the Final Four, and it took him five. He went on to explain why they didn't make it last year.

I'm probably the least surprised person in America that Oregon is here. I told him that the way he's done it and what he's done and how quickly he's done it, just the way they play, everything about what they do, I just think is really, really cool and really, really impressive. I've always had a great relationship with Kelly. That's why we're going to play them in the future, starting next year.

Don't get me wrong, I'm encouraging Sabrina to leave early every time I talk to her. Other than that, I'm rooting for Kelly all the way.

Q. I think we've gone 12 minutes and we haven't mentioned the team you're playing tomorrow night.
GENO AURIEMMA: That's women's basketball.

Q. Obviously you're very familiar with them. It's probably the best rivalry right now in the sport. It's basically like Rocky 50 in movie references. What is the theme about tomorrow? There's years you've played them four times in a year, sick of each other. What is the mindset of playing a team you played in December, beat them, what, handily? Is it just an opponent or is it Notre Dame, back to what it used to be with you two?
GENO AURIEMMA: I think mainly tomorrow's game is more about two really good teams that are playing. I don't think the other 49 times we played them really has any significance in tomorrow's game. It's just that in the last number of years, every time we've played them it's been a lot at stake, even a stupid regular season game like in December, it's 1 versus 2. One of us is 1, the other one is close to being 1. It's a big game. That version of game of the year, game of the century.

I think that's cool because, you know, sports needs that kind of rivalry. We used to have that with Tennessee. Now we have it with Notre Dame. I think it's cool.

Of course, it's exciting and it means a lot. But I don't think tomorrow's game has any more significance whether you want to win or not just because it's Notre Dame. Just because we beat them in December doesn't have anything to do with tomorrow night.

Same thing with Louisville beating us. It didn't really affect the outcome of that game. I just think tomorrow's game is a completely different game. I always tell our players whenever we win a big game in December, I say, Listen, we're going to have to get a lot better fast. I'm assuming the teams we play against, they're getting a lot better. And Notre Dame is a lot better today than they were in December, no doubt in my mind. I mean, I think they're the best team in the country. I don't think anybody else is even close. Baylor. But I don't think anybody else, I think, can match Notre Dame when they're playing their A game. They just overwhelm you, man, at every position.

Q. You talked a few minutes ago about your teams in the past being burdened by being afraid to lose. How does that manifest itself in the game? Why didn't you see that over the weekend against UCLA and Louisville?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, those four years when we had to Stewie [Breanna Stewart] in everybody on the team knew we were going to win. All those years we had Diana Taurasi, we knew we were going to win. All the years when we had Maya Moore, we knew we were going to win for the most part. When you don't have that kind of iconic player, you look at your team, you go, Man, I don't know if we have a lot of answers. Like if one of these kids gets in foul trouble, we're dead. If something happens that we're not equipped to handle.

When you know that, there's this palpable fear we have to play a perfect game to win. When teams before you have won so much that now you're expected to do the same thing, and you know deep down in your heart that we may not be good enough to do it, yeah. Then the game gets close in the last five minutes, yeah. If you're not careful, I hope we don't lose, I hope we're not the first team to lose the national championship.

So, yeah, you can see that. You can see it in their faces. You can see it during timeouts. Why do you think we got down 17 last year to Notre Dame? Same thing with Mississippi State the year before. Because there was a part of us that didn't think we were good enough. It shows up. No question. When you have that iconic player on your team that looks in the huddle and goes, What are you guys worried about? You got me.

I just hope they never turn around and go, Coach, we got you. Don't count on me (laughter). I'll be like my dad, when the [expletive] hits the fan, I'll be in the bathroom hiding.

Q. Bear with me on this question a little bit. Earlier today Coach Mulkey said in this very competitive environment that you guys live in, it's impossible or close to impossible to have really close friendships. But if you weren't coaches, had all these same interests, you'd all probably be best friends. Maybe even some of you would be married. Muffet then was asked the question. She said, Maybe Geno and I could be friends, but not the married thing. I wanted to get your impressions on what Coach Mulkey had to say, the idea that you guys could be friends if you weren't such competitors?
GENO AURIEMMA: You think Tom Izzo has to deal with this crap (smiling)? I don't think so. I don't think Coach K has ever been asked a question like that at the Final Four. I don't think Dean Smith or anybody else has ever been asked a question like that.

I appreciate you asking it, but I think the issue around women's basketball to me that I find a little bit disconcerting is the attention is always taken away from the game and the players, and it's turned onto the personalities of the involved coaches. God forbid, one coach is a man, the other coach is a woman, there always has to be some kind of friction, tension, all that other stuff.

Like, I wouldn't marry me either. What's the big deal? I know me better than anybody else knows me. I think it's crazy. It's like when you watch a game on TV, a woman's basketball game, they talk more about the shoes that the coach is wearing. Who gives a damn? Really, c'mon. Let's get over that. We want to be taken seriously. Let's talk about sports, let's talk about the game. Let's not talk about the other nonsense that's on TMZ. If we want to be taken seriously, let's act seriously.

Q. You talked earlier about the platform you have. Muffet today when asked a question about future hiring practices gave a long and passionate, dare I say emotional speech, about advancing women and the women's game, and women everywhere. Do you respect her voice when it comes to that?
GENO AURIEMMA: Sure I do.

Q. You probably don't know what she said.
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, I don't. But sure I do. I think anybody that speaks up in favor of advancing a segment of the community that could benefit from our voice, absolutely. I've never had a guy on my staff as a coach, so...

There's a lot of people out there advancing the game, advancing women. I'm all in favor of it any which way you can, any which way, no matter what.

I just come at it from a different standpoint. I just like to think that there's probably a way to do one without the expense of another.

So what are we saying at Oregon, they weren't trying to advance women's basketball or women by hiring Kelly? That was a bad move. They should have just found the best available woman?

This is part of life. There's always going to be somebody who feels like -- I remember going back, you know, when Muffet and I were both kids, that guys felt like we don't have a place in women's basketball because no one will hire a guy. When a guy would get hired, the women would resent the fact that the men were intruding on their game.

Now we're someplace elsewhere, you know, we're talking about maybe there's too many men coaching college basketball on the women's side. But I just think they should hire good coaches. If your preference is only to hire women, that's fine. If your preference is only to have an all-male staff, that's fine. God bless you.

You have to do what's best for you, your program, how you feel about it. I support that 100%, 100%.

Q. I've heard you called a lot of things before, but bully is never one of them, hasn't been one of them. Muffet called your coaching practice style something along those lines. She used that word this week in a story that was online. I was wondering what you felt about that?
GENO AURIEMMA: I don't really have any feelings about it. Again, I would love to be able to just talk about the matchups tomorrow night, who's guarding who.

I think if I was that type, I think it would have come up a lot sooner than now. We have a lot of administrators in this room. We have a lot of people that I've been associated with in the league, whether it was the Big East or the AAC, USA Basketball, any other place that I've coached, people that I've been involved with.

I would challenge anybody anywhere in America to dig up somebody that says, Coach Auriemma bullied me. I dare you. Bring it up and tell me their name.

Barb [Jacobs], can you think of anybody in our league, in the Big East?

A. No.

GENO AURIEMMA: If I asked Barb[Jacobs] to tell me the God's honest truth with her hand on her Bible, and said who was the most agreeable person in the room at all our Big East meetings?

A. Geno Auriemma.

GENO AURIEMMA: Who always decided what was best for the Big East, now AAC, and best for women's basketball, even at the detriment of Connecticut basketball.

Q. Geno Auriemma.
GENO AURIEMMA: Is that true for every coach in that room?

Q. No.
GENO AURIEMMA: Any other questions?

THE MODERATOR: That's all the time we have. Thanks, coach.

Q. Asia, that last two minutes, you guys were down 11, could have thrown in the towel, but just talk about the rally you had to cut it to have a chance to win the game and what it shows about the heart of this team.
ASIA DURR: Yeah, we fought back hard. We created some nice turnovers, Dana got a steal, A.C. got a steal. We came back and scored both times. But I went to the line and missed two big free throws. I mean, we fought hard, and that's what shows -- I don't even know what I'm trying to say. That's what makes us us. We don't stop fighting. It really doesn't matter how much we're down by.

I'm just super proud of my teammates. We just kept fighting. That's all you could ask for.

Q. Asia, how frustrating was it for you? You started the game 0 for 8 from the field and then 1 for 10 at the half. Were you just thinking they'll start going down eventually, or does it get into your head?
ASIA DURR: No, you just stay patient. It's not the first time I went 1 for 10 throughout the whole year. I've had bad nights too. It's not the first time it took place. I just tried to find my teammates out there on the court, but I feel like I should have been more patient.

Q. This is a question actually for Sam. Sam, I'm wondering, when you think about the days and weeks ahead, how much is the focus shifting to professional opportunities, and do you feel like you're ready for that opportunity being in the WNBA?
SAM FUEHRING: I'm honestly not focusing on that right now. I've got a few things to work out before I can even focus on my future ahead.

JEFF WALZ: Graduate.

SAM FUEHRING: Amen.

Q. Arica, when Asia was having trouble scoring -- although she had like 10 boards in the first half -- you other guards kind of stepped in and filled that stat sheet and kept yourselves within easy distance of UConn. What went through your mind? Did it have anything to do with seeing she was not having a great day?
ARICA CARTER: That's the great thing about our team. When somebody is a little off, we always have people to step up. Asia's a great player, and we knew she was going to start hitting shots. But at the time, we just have to keep playing the game. It happens. Shots don't always fall. A lot of our shots didn't fall tonight, but that's the great thing about our team. There's always somebody ready to step up, and we're always encouraging people to step up, and that's what we tried to do tonight.

Q. Even towards the end when you guys -- it looked like you were beat, but then you cut the lead again. You guys always thought you were going to win the game. This is for all three of you. Didn't you?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, we always thought we were going to win.

THE MODERATOR: Sam?

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, we're always working hard to try to get the "W." That's what it is.

THE MODERATOR: Arica, anything to add?

ARICA CARTER: I agree. It's March. You never know what can happen. We've been saying that the whole time. In our minds, the game is never over until the buzzer horn.

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you very much. Congratulations on a terrific season.

Q. Jeff, congrats on a wonderful season. I'm guessing you didn't think Sam was going to have a night like she had the other night today, but could you just talk about it. She seemed to hit every big shot in the fourth quarter when she needed to.
JEFF WALZ: She made some big shots, but I've got to give credit to Megan Walker. Megan Walker was the difference in the first half. You know, at times you've got to roll the dice a little bit, and I thought we did a really good job on Napheesa. But we backed off of Walker at times to help on Collier, and she knocked down shots. You know, I thought she was the difference for them. And I know it was in the first half, but she really kept them going and gave them a bounce.

And then Katie Lou came out. There's no question about it, she made some tough shots. She made some tough ones, and then we had some breakdowns on a few that you just can't have. She hits a huge shot and gets a four-point play out of it. She definitely moved a lot better today than she did on Friday, so credit to her. She's a great player. If she plays like this continuing on, they're going to be hard to beat.

Q. Coach, even though a lot of people saw Durr struggle in the first half, what a lot of people didn't see was how she was participating and helping her other teammates score and blocks and screens and contributing. She never got down. If you could just speak on the character of Durr.
JEFF WALZ: Well, I just think, if you're sitting here and you listen to her, the first thing she says when there's a question asked to her is I missed two big free throws. That's not the reason we lost the game. You can look over a 40-minute game and find a ton of areas that you could improve on, but that's who she is. She takes that responsibility on.

I've been in the same press conferences after she scored 47, and the first thing she's saying is my teammates set me up. My teammates got me the ball. That's why they all love playing for her, playing with her. It's who she is. She's not only a remarkable basketball player, but she's just as impressive as a person, and that's really -- you know, all these young women, I challenge them. I push them to be great. Not just good, great in everything they do.

I look at Sam and A.C. and Asia, and I see three young women that are ready for whatever is in front of them -- if it's professional basketball, the work force, whatever it might be -- they are prepared for it, and they are going to succeed and do extremely well.

Q. What can you say about -- what a game like this does in the Elite Eight with players like Asia and Katie Lou does for the rising visibility of women's basketball as a whole?
JEFF WALZ: It's a great basketball game. I thought there was a lot of big plays made by both teams. Unfortunately for us, they just made a few more. I really think, if you didn't sit back and watch this game and you can't sit there and appreciate it, appreciate how it was being played, then it's a shame because I thought there were some big time plays by both teams.

Q. Jeff, congratulations on your season. I just want to talk about Sam's profile at the next level specifically, what she can do, the fact that she can step out, the fact that she can bang with fours and fives. What do you see of her at the WNBA level? Do you expect her name to be called, as Asia's almost certainly will as well?
JEFF WALZ: I would think so. After what Sam has done, especially in this tournament, I think she's shown a lot of people that she can play inside out. She has great hands. She has great instinct for the game. She's not afraid to battle. She's not afraid to mix it up inside. But at the same time, she can defend on the perimeter.

I think at that level, she'll be a little bit like a utility knife. You know, you're going to be able to get a lot of options from her. Not that she's a knockdown three-point shooter, but if you leave her open, she can make them. She's really good from 15 to 18 feet, would be great on a pick-and-roll, pick-and-pop. And then she's willing and able to defend multiple spots. I'd be shocked. If her name's not drawn, not announced on the 10th, I'll be surprised if she's not picked up by somebody to come into a training camp.

Q. Jeff, that final push, the kids said it, you guys refused to quit, and there's the mentality you've instilled there. You're down four. You get your best player to the foul line for two shots, and I've got to think, you're sitting there thinking, okay, we're going to be down two, and we have a chance to tie this game up. She didn't hit him. Just what you were thinking at that point in the game.
JEFF WALZ: Shit happens. That's what I was thinking. I tell people all the time -- you know, I go to a ton of recruiting, and I see someone get fouled and someone yelling, you gotta make it, you gotta make it. No kidding. Asia didn't go up there with any intent to not make two free throws. It happens.

Then Sam came down with the offensive board. So it's not like we didn't get the rebound. I mean, Sam worked extremely hard. She got in there, and you know, they had a nice block. I thought it was a good block. But we had our chances. We continued to fight, continued to compete. I think we were down six or whatever it may have been with 29 seconds, and they called a time-out. I told Dee we're not fouling. We're not trying to foul. We're going to try to come up with the jump ball because we have the arrow. And our kids came out and did it. Everything we wanted, we got. We just didn't make two free throws. That's part of the game. That's why you roll the ball out. You know, it hurts. It stings. But that's not the only reason we lost the game.

There was a stretch there where we just could not come up with a rebound. They ended up with 11 offensive boards, but the last four minutes, they probably came up with four or five of those, and those were really crucial.

Q. Jeff, you were just talking before about not being able to make the shots you normally make. When Asia was 0 for 8, 1 for 10, are you over there on the sidelines dying for her, hoping that she gets it going?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I mean, of course. I didn't want her to go 1 for 20, but she was taking shots within our offense. She was taking shots -- she would create some. That pullup jumper is what she shoots. She had a couple -- the first four or five of the game, there were like three of them that were in and out, and those are shots she normally gets. I thought our kids did a great job of finding her, setting screens for her to get her going.

And, of course, you're sitting there, and like you said, she's 1 for 10, and we're down seven at half. It's still a ball game because we're a good team. I know everyone wants to say, Asia Durr, she's special, but everyone else on our team is pretty darn good too. So we felt good. We went into halftime feeling pretty good, like, hey, guys, we couldn't have shot much worse, and it's still a seven-point game.

We knew for us to have a chance, Asia was going to have to have a better second half, and she did. It just wasn't enough from everybody. We had talked about it. We said our performance on the 31st of January, we were going to have to play better, and we just didn't.

Q. Jeff, you talked about this after Friday's game, but they were up 11 with 90 seconds left, and you guys went on an 8-1 run, sparked by three steals. So talk about that defense that's been ignored while everybody focused on Asia.
JEFF WALZ: We compete. I knew we weren't going to quit. That's why I saved my two time-outs. I knew we could come up. Instead of after we scored, calling a time-out, we jumped into the press as quick as we could. We come up with a steal, we get a quick back door for a lay-up. And then all of a sudden, when we needed to call them, I was able to call them, and we executed, and it was pretty special.

And then the last play there, we tried a little something thrown over the top and just didn't complete the pass, but it was a great ball game. It just sucks to be on this end of it, but that's part of life. We played a pretty good basketball team today. I thought the crowd was fantastic. I thought they were great. Our kids enjoyed it. Just don't really much enjoy the outcome right now.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thanks for doing this. Congratulations on a great season.

JEFF WALZ: Thank you everyone for covering us this season.

Q. Lou, was it -- were you feeling better today, or was the adrenaline just going? What leads to a performance like you had tonight?
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: There's definitely a lot of adrenaline that goes into that, but coming into this game, we all felt like there was a little bit of unfinished business from the last game. There was a little bit of extra motivation, and we wanted to give ourselves a chance to get to the Final Four. So with that, with that much focus and that many things all coming at you, it's easy to just play, just go out there and play as hard as you can, play with everything you have in you. So it was easy to not focus on anything but the game at hand.

Q. Katie, compare what you did in this game to the rest of your season.
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: Wow. Well, today I just -- I feel like I've been shooting well in practices and stuff, and today I was getting some shots. And we were doing a pretty good job of setting the screens, getting me open, and overall, I think every single person on this team stepped up and did something big. We had five players score in double digits, which is pretty impressive that every single person is there, engaged, doing what they need to do.

Megan stepped up and kind of controlled that first half for us with hitting those four threes. They weren't expecting that. For her to do that, we have that confidence in her. We're going to continue to keep going. It's going to be someone different every game.

Q. Just wondering what you did from, I guess, post-game Friday to today in order to get you ready. Obviously, a much different game for you.
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: Yeah, I think the way the games are played were different too, I think, for us going into it. We approach our defense and everything the same way, but for me I learned to make a little bit more of an impact offensively and make sure I was involved. In Friday's game, we didn't necessarily need that from me, and I felt today I did need to step up. So I did what I could to help win the game.

Q. Katie Lou, do you know it was said after the game on the court that you guys celebrated like this was going to your first Final Four and not your 12th. I was wondering why is that? Obviously, going to the Final Four is exciting, but what makes you guys so thrilled about this?
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: I think this team has done a lot behind closed doors to get to this point, and we've been through so much ups and downs, trying to figure out how to work with certain people. You know, sometimes we have a lot of mismatches and things like that. So this team has really fought our way to get to this point. We experienced a lot of ups and downs this year playing-wise, close games and close losses. And for us, to get to this point to win and to win the way we have and the way we're playing right now as a team, we're just so happy with where we are, and it's just special. This team is special. And every single one of these girls are my best friends, and I'm glad that I get this chance to go to the Final Four one last time.

Q. Megan, it looked like they were cheating a little bit toward Napheesa in the first half. Did you recognize that, and was that maybe giving you some offensive opportunities there?
MEGAN WALKER: Yes. Coach, we had a conversation earlier on -- in shootaround, and I think the practice before that, they probably would sag off me. So I knew I had to be ready to knock in open shots.

Q. Lou, it's sort of been a recurring theme for your career with the back. In the game where you scored 23 against Maryland, and you managed to play through all of last year as well. I guess I wonder where this rates when you think about it in terms of games where you've managed to overcome fighting through different things, especially of a physical nature.
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: Yeah, I think -- I've said this before. At this point in the season, there's something that someone is going through. Every single person has things they've got to fight through, and they have to be ready to step up and get over that. So it comes down to just being -- are you mentally tough enough to play? There's things that we all have had to do, all of us had to get through, and for me, I'm just trying to do whatever I can to put my team in the best situation they can be in.

Q. For Megan and Christyn, Megan, I know you shot the lights out in first half, and, Christyn, you had big plays in the second half. I wonder what goes through your mind when you see someone like Katie Lou makes like a three over Sam and the four-point play, facing the end of her career and really coming up with those huge, defining plays for your program.
MEGAN WALKER: Lou works so hard, so we see those plays, those type of shots in practice. In my mind, I had no doubt that it wasn't going in.

CHRISTYN WILLIAMS: Yeah, she does it every day in practice, so I was not surprised. She's a great leader on the floor. She's just a great teammate. I love you, man. I'm not surprised that she made those big plays and it helps us because it gives great energy to the team.

Q. Lou, start of the fourth quarter, you're on the bench, but before the five went out on the floor, you made it a point to call them all together, and there was only -- you were pretty -- I'm not sure what the right word is -- but forceful with what you were saying. I'm not concerned with what you said, but why you felt the need to say it at that time.
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: I think this year, especially sitting out the games I did, I found ways to make an impact not being in the game. I felt like, when I have something to say, they all listen, and they all kind of come through. But I went out there in that fourth quarter and said, we've got to bear down and make these rebounds, and we're going to go to the Final Four. So I think, for us, no matter who's out there on the court, we've been through so many different things and so many different lineups, that at this point we feel confident, whether I'm on the bench or not, we're going to be successful.

Q. Christyn, Katie goes out with her fourth foul, and it looked like you took it on yourself to just start being the Christyn Williams we saw at Notre Dame and a few times since. Is that correct? Is that what you thought?
CHRISTYN WILLIAMS: Yeah. It was kind of like, when she wasn't playing in the conference tournament, somebody had to step up and play her role. So I just took what the defense gave me, and offensively, it was there. I was just flowing. So it happened.

Q. Christyn, you've made a lot of big plays in the second half, but arguably none bigger than that the steal to seal the game on the inbound pass. Take me through that play right there.
CHRISTYN WILLIAMS: This entire season, I've struggled defensively. So that was a huge stop for me -- or for the team really. I saw it coming, and I stole the ball. It was just a big play at that time.

THE MODERATOR: Our time with the student-athletes is expired. We appreciate you taking time to be on the dais. Congratulations and good luck next weekend.

GENO AURIEMMA: It's Christyn's favorite defense, zone.

Q. Geno, two-part question. You mentioned on the court how the team celebrated like they've never gone to the Final Four before. You heard what Katie said about stuff behind closed doors. Is this special for this group for you to make it here even though it's been 12 straight years. And second part just what Lou's performance was? You've seen a lot of great ones. What she did tonight, where that ranks for you.
GENO AURIEMMA: I know things are different at UConn. I know we're treated different, the expectations are different at our place. When Lou and Napheesa were freshman, we had the kind of players that, if Napheesa and Lou didn't show up for the game, it was just a matter of how much we're going to win by, not whether we were going to win.

Now to see them at the end of their four years, it's all on their shoulders. They have to play great, both of them or at least one of them, or we don't have a chance to win. And this is the first time they've been in that situation. And they kind of took that load and took it personally.

Like I said, somebody was going to be big tonight. We knew what Asia was going to. That's a given. We just needed somebody to match everything she did. We got the lead, and we never lost the lead the entire game. We wanted to make sure that we answered everything. It would have been a hell of a thing if the only time we didn't lead was at the end of the game.

Yeah, she made some shots today that only really special players make at this particular time. This is when players separate themselves in these games.

Q. Geno, what can you say about Megan and Christyn and just kind of their growth and how important it is in the tournament?
GENO AURIEMMA: I think like Lou said -- I think Christyn said it too. Not being able to play in the conference tournament really, really helped. It helped with Megan realizing she had to do more. All along, we've been trying to get her to do more and do more and do more or trying to be more confident, be more aggressive.

Christyn -- you know, when you come from high school and you're the best player in the country supposedly, and you have the ball all the time, and then you come here, and you're going to have it some of the time, it's a foreign, foreign world that you're entering, and it takes a while to get used to that, to find your place, you know, where you fit in. I think, as the season wore on, she did. She found her place, and she's starting to play now like the player I saw in high school. And it's just made us -- you know, the two of them, it's just made us a completely different team than the team that played Louisville the very first time.

Q. When you think about what it means for Lou to have the game that she had in this spot today, it's just the fact that now they, as a duo, are going back to the Final Four once more. What do you think it does for their overall legacy here at the school and their ability to carve out their own identity. Like you said, on a team that will started with -- it be eight players that eventually going to play WNBA ball in 2016.
GENO AURIEMMA: You know, kids get to write their own stories a lot of times. As I said earlier, they could have had the same careers someplace else, and it could have ended tonight, and it would be viewed as two of the best players ever to play at that school. And unfortunately -- and fortunately -- they're at a place where what they did today has become commonplace and expected. But that in no way diminishes what they've had to do and the way they did it day in and day out.

It's not easy playing at Connecticut. I don't think the people understand the pressures that go with playing at UConn, that the expectations are so unrealistic, and at the same time, very realistic because we keep delivering on them. It takes a certain kind of unique individual to be able to handle it. The two of them have handled it as best as they ever have, with less supporting cast than some other people.

Q. How mind boggling or mind blowing is it to you that 12 years in a row you're going to the Final Four? That isn't supposed to happen, is it?
GENO AURIEMMA: I don't think so. I don't think it's supposed to happen. Not in today's world, the way things change and the way teams keep getting better and better. It's not normal, and it's something that's hard to describe. Because, if you're writing a book and making it up, people would say that doesn't happen in real life, and it has happened in real life. I'm still -- like you said, I'm boggled. My mind just doesn't get it, how this could happen this many years in a row with a different cast of characters that change so often. But, no, it's not normal. It's not normal.

Q. Geno, you have said one of your players was going to have to step up, at least one. Did you have any idea, especially after Friday, that that player was going to be Katie Lou Samuelson?
GENO AURIEMMA: Talking today with our video coordinator, talking with Ben and some of our coaches, and especially after yesterday's workout where Lou looked less than ecstatic about being there, because she was just really hurting both physically and mentally, I said, she's either going to have a big night or it's just going to be terrible. I don't think there's going to be any in between. And he said, every single shot she's missed is going to go in tonight, today.

I guess when you have a player that's done so much like she has in her four years, you expect them to bounce back. I didn't anticipate -- you know, 29 points is 29 points, but the way they came. They weren't just stand there, shoot open threes the whole night. So given where she was Friday and yesterday and some of the things she's battling with off the court, remarkable. That's the best thing I could say. Absolutely remarkable.

Q. Geno, what kind of joy does it give you to see all the joy the kids had after the game?
GENO AURIEMMA: It's only happened a couple of times. It's only happened a couple times. The one time, I said -- in the locker room, I said, you know, guys, this team is really special. I said, this team reminds me of that very first team in '91, and they all looked at each other, and none of them had been born, obviously. And it was the first time that I'd gotten to experience what a bunch of kids who had no expectations on them, no one expected them to be able to do it, and the feeling in that locker room in Philadelphia when we won is one I'll never, ever forget. To this day, that just is burned in my memory.

And then the '95 team, you know, because you do go through a point where we might never win one. As good as we are, we might never win. So there's been a couple times when it's been that incredibly joyous and spontaneous, and I don't ever -- I'm glad that at my age I'm getting to experience this because I don't ever want it to become -- you know, how the world is. What did you do today? We're going to the Final Four. Good job, man. Like I don't ever want it to be like, okay, what are we eating tonight? Like it's still got to mean a lot, and you still have to feel it in your soul.

I have felt everything about this team all year long. I've loved them. I've hated them. I wanted the season to end. I wanted the season to keep going. I wanted ten guys to transfer. I only wanted to coach one guy. I wanted to have them over for dinner every night. I wanted to -- I wish they'd never eat again the rest of their lives. Every single emotion -- we can't play defense. We can't run offense. We're a great defensive team. Man, we run offense great. Every single thought you could ever imagine was in my brain all year long, to a point where -- you know, I can't even -- I don't have any more brain space.

THE MODERATOR: Congratulations on the victory. Good luck in the Final Four.

Q. Asia, Coach said yesterday how the win in January helped give you guys some confidence playing UConn just because you hadn't beaten them before. How much does that win help you guys preparing for tomorrow's game for mentally having confidence knowing you can beat them, and also what you guys did well and what you didn't do well to help for tomorrow?
ASIA DURR: I mean, that was great for us. It kind of gave us some good juice. We played hard, and we had some great stops. We put together some great stops, and we played great as a team. Obviously we held them to 44 points, so I mean, that's huge for us, and that's what we're going to need tomorrow. So we have to bring that.

Q. If you can talk just a little bit about the defense and how important it is at this time of year. You've played great defense all season, but moving forward in tomorrow's game, going to the Final Four, how important the defensive effort you guys bring every night is going to be?
JAZMINE JONES: I think when we're in tune on the defensive end, it creates an easy way for us to get offense. When we get stops, we get out in transition, and I think when we're really focused on defense, we're really good.

KYLEE SHOOK: Yes, defense is very important to Coach Walz and to us. If offense isn't going, we always have defense that we can fall back on.

ARICA CARTER: In order for us to win any games, we have to play defense, and that's what we've been focusing on in practice. That's what we've been talking about as a team. Because you're not always going to make shots. We can't just depend on making big shots. We have to get stops in order to make shots. So we've been working really hard on defense and making sure that we're having each other's back when we're playing defense and communicating a lot.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, defense is very important. I mean, without it, the team is going to run up the score. So I mean, it's important in every game just to know that we play hard, and just getting stops, and what Jazz says, running the floor.

ASIA DURR: Yeah, they said some great things. During this time of the year, we're playing great teams who can score really, really well, so we have to play great D throughout the whole game. They said it right.

Q. Both for Jazmine and Asia, I understand the importance of defense and UConn will say the same thing, but you guys really made a difference in that game down there with the three-pointers. How big can they be because they can just give you that little extra bit?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, I mean, they try to force us out wide, especially on hand-offs. They try to mix some things up, so we just tried to make the right read and the right play, so that's what we were trying to do. They were trying to force us to make tough shots, so that's what we were trying to do, too, is just make the right play and the right read.

JAZMINE JONES: Asia was hitting shots that game. Asia was hitting the big threes. Well said, AD.

Q. I want you guys to be perfectly honest, if when you guys were growing up, were you UConn fans watching them on TV, and if so, what's it feel like to be playing them for a spot in the Final Four?
ASIA DURR: I mean, growing up, doesn't matter who the team is. If there's a team that plays really well and they're doing great things, you know, obviously you're going to be a fan. I mean, people are fans of certain teams, certain players. So if you play well, then you're probably going to be a fan. You're not going to hate them. So it doesn't really matter who the team is. If they're playing well, playing great, doing some great things, you're going to be like, wow, that's cool. That's how I feel. I don't know how they feel, but that's what I would say.

SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, I mean, I grew up -- like everyone wants to go to UConn because of how good they are. They're a great program, great team. They are the winningest. And yeah, I feel like everyone -- every young girl would want to go there.

But my junior year I was being recruited by Louisville. I ended up loving it, ended up learning to love Louisville, and I'm a big fan here now. Like I'm all Louisville. It's kind of like at first when you play UConn, you could be scared, but then again, it's like you grow, and you learn that you're just as good as them, and that's something that I've learned here at Louisville.

ARICA CARTER: I mostly agree with Asia. Growing up, I was just a fan of any good basketball, and UConn was a part of watching good basketball. So whatever teams played great, played hard, that was a team I was a fan of, and I watched because that's the type of player I wanted to be. I wanted to be a player who did the little things and played hard, and UConn was one of those teams. So yes, I did watch them, but that doesn't change playing against them. You know, I want to come out and give our best and give them our best shot to know that so they know that we can play with them, too.

KYLEE SHOOK: I mean, I think they summed it all up.

JAZMINE JONES: Yeah, I agree.

ASIA DURR: Wait, one second. I have another joke, okay, guys? This is day two, all right?

Are you all ready? Y'all don't seem excited. All right, hey, hey.

What do you call flying bread?

A plane bagel.

Come on, guys, that was funny. Boom.

THE MODERATOR: If you would please begin with an opening statement, Coach, either based on the performance last night, looking ahead to tomorrow, and then we'll open it up to questions from the media.

JEFF WALZ: Yeah, just thrilled to still be playing, and again, would like to thank everyone that comes out and covers women's basketball. Very much appreciated. You know, it's a time of the year that you're just trying to survive and advance, and I thought we came out and played really well last night. Went back and watched the film, and obviously some areas that you still want to see some improvement in, but overall, I thought we defended extremely well. And just looking forward to a good day of practice today, and then the opportunity to play tomorrow.

Q. I saw your tweet, it was tremendous, to the governor. It was just a little -- let him know what's going on.
JEFF WALZ: I was just trying to be helpful. I mean, you know, it's our second year in a row. We went to a Final Four last year, and I'm not sure he knew there was a women's basketball team at Louisville or in the state. He was tweeting at Kentucky men for advancing, and I didn't say anything last year, and that's fine. But I thought, you know what, these young women are pretty impressive, and I think as our governor, if you're going to tweet at a men's basketball team at any school, you should at least have someone hopefully letting you know that, hey, there are women that play, too, and you've got a pretty good program at Louisville that advanced to the Sweet 16.

I saw today he did tweet our president, which was very nice of him, to congratulate us on getting to the Elite 8.

Q. Tomorrow when you guys play, I would imagine it's going to be a pro-UConn crowd because they're so close. How do you try to combat that?
JEFF WALZ: I'm still waiting to see that. I think more of their fans are beginning to like me more than him. (Laughter). I get a lot of emails from them. I can't say they're always, always very nice, but I respond to them all.

No. It's been -- you know what, as I said, I'd rather, and our players would rather, and I think for women's basketball, I'd rather be playing a game like this tomorrow in front of hopefully 12 to 13,000 fans. And if nine-tenths of them are here for UConn, that's great. The ball is the same. The rims are the same. The length of the court is the same. Any player would rather play in a great environment than possibly be playing where there's 1,500 people, 1,000, that show up for a regional final.

You know, as our game continues to grow, hopefully you can get a site where it's not right in someone's backyard. But we had the same thing last year. We played in Lexington, an hour away, to have a chance to go to a Final Four.

You know, I can't sit here and complain knowing I had the same benefit last year. So we're just excited that there's going to be a great crowd in here. I expect it to be a great basketball game between two great teams.

Q. You've talked last night about beating UConn in January and confidence and it's the first time this group has beaten UConn. How important is that? You've played them many times in the Big East and in the NCAA Tournament, but to have a win, how big is that for you guys' confidence tomorrow?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I mean, obviously it's important. But at the same time, it's the next game. You know, I was fortunate enough to work at Maryland for five years, and I think we were 0 and 9 or 0 and 10 against Duke. The only time we ever beat Duke in the five years I was there was in the '06 National Championship game. So it takes one time. So we didn't have any previous experience of beating them and figured out a way to beat them in that game.

And here, yeah, we did win in January, but it's going to be a whole new ball game. We aren't playing at home. You're not going to have your home crowd behind you. But it does give you a little bit of a sense of like, okay, if we play our best, we can win this game. And we know the performance that we had at home in January, we're going to need a better performance. I told our players that this morning. What we did back then, we're going to have to play better than that if you want to expect a chance to get to a Final Four.

Q. Jeff, for those of us that are not around Asia that much, she's pretty entertaining up here, telling jokes. She fist-bumped Kevin on the way out. Can you just talk about her personally and what she brings?
JEFF WALZ: Asia's growth from her freshman year when she first stepped on campus to now, it's really been a joy to watch. Her confidence just in herself outside of basketball -- she's always been a confident basketball player, but getting up here in front of the media, her interaction with our fan base, it's really been fun to watch as she's grown throughout her four years. Her confidence in who she is.

You know, her personality now is starting to show more and more. Now, I heard the joke she told the other day, and I'm not sure that was a very good one. She has some work to do on those. Was it better? Okay, good.

But no, her teammates, she's a great teammate because she's easy to be around, she always credits her teammates. It's never her. And she's genuine. It's what I tell our kids all the time, if you're just genuine, people -- they might not like it, but at least they know, hey, I'm not being fake. And that's something that Asia is remarkable with. What you see is what you get.

You know, when this WNBA draft comes up, I tell people all the time, to me, she's a top pick in the draft. And the reason I say that is she's going to do whatever you ask her to do. If you want her to score 12 a night, 15 a night, she'll go out there and do that. If you want her to get the ball to someone in the post, she'll go out there and do that. It's never been about her. It's been about what she needs to do to help our team win, and I think that's why she's so liked in our locker room.

Q. I know that you have a good relationship with Coach Auriemma. What is it like to go up against him and compete against him and UConn?
JEFF WALZ: I mean, it's been fun. It's been 12 years now, and I think it's only been one or two years that we did not play against each other, and then there were times that we played each other four times in one year.

I've got the utmost respect for Geno, his program, the way he does things. If you can't have -- just appreciation for what he's been able to do year in and year out, it's pretty remarkable. You know, he gets everybody's best shot every night, and it's not very often that they're not giving their best shot to everybody. And it doesn't matter who they play. That's the one thing I talk to our players about.

When you go see them sometimes play, and if they're supposed to beat someone by 60, they actually beat them by 70. And it's not running up the score, it's just how they play. And that's what impresses me. They play the same way no matter who they're playing. And that's one of the things that we have tried to set a standard within our program, and we're just really excited to have this opportunity to play tomorrow.

And we know going into it, we're going to be the underdog, and that's fine. I know we're the 1 seed, but everybody has got -- we're going to be the first 1 seed to lose. The big talk about why in the world was Louisville a 1 seed and UConn not. So we're okay with that. We know you've got to show up and play, and tomorrow at noon, I expect a great, great basketball game.

Q. It's been two months since the first meeting against UConn. Can you talk about what went well in that game and would you expect a similar game, or have things changed a lot in those two months?
JEFF WALZ: No, I don't think a lot has changed. What went well is we scored the basketball. It's the one thing I've always said. If you want to have a chance to beat UConn, you've got to score. Their defense does so well because I think their offense is so good. You go on a three- or four-minute drought and a 2- or 4-point game can go to 10. I can go back -- we were, I think, 0 and 17 before that last game in January. And you know, there is a few games where they kicked our butt, but there's a few that I can go back and say, look, here's six minutes, five minutes. That's all it was. It's a 4-point game and then they go on a 16-0 run over four minutes, it's 20, and it ends up at 20. That's what -- they can score so quick. And if you want to have a chance to beat them, you've got to be able to score the basketball. You have to execute. You can't have empty possessions at this time of the year. And then you've got to rebound the basketball.

I don't see a whole bunch changing in what they're trying to do, what we're trying to do, so I just -- it should be fun. I mean, I'm expecting a great basketball game.

Q. You were talking about you being the underdog despite being the No. 1 seed. Do you think your team is getting the respect they should be getting?
JEFF WALZ: Yes, for sure. I mean, we're a back-to-back 1 seed, played in the Final Four last year, 30 whatever and 3. Yes, I think we're getting the respect that we should. I think the kids have earned it. I mean, you go back and look at our schedule, I mean, we've had a very competitive schedule. We went on the road in the non-conference early and did what a lot of BCS schools won't do: We went and played at Boise State, we went and played at Central Michigan. I talked to Sue at Central Michigan and she's just shocked. She's like, I can't believe you'll come up and play. I'm like, Sue, I think it's great. The environment up there, it's a great test for our team. We played at Western Kentucky, at Chattanooga. I mean, places where a lot of BCS schools won't go play. We played at Middle in the past. It's a great place to play.

I think it's great for our team. I always tell everybody when we schedule -- when I talk about it, I go, I want to know where we are. If we go to Boise State and we get beat, then I'm like, guys, they're a really good basketball team, there's no question about that. But what are we going to do when we go to Duke, what are we going to do when we go to NC State?

So I thought we played a great non-conference schedule, and then we've been getting a lot of respect. I think our players have earned that, and I think it's going to be fun. It's going to be fun tomorrow. There's no doubt.

Q. Going a different direction for you, as a coach when you get this far and you have a bunch of talented seniors, more so this round than the next couple, there are extra things you've got to watch out for because this is the time seniors might start thinking about if I lose my last game, et cetera, et cetera, even if they've had a great year. You think about Holdsclaw, that game against Duke in '99. Just wonder if there's something that stays on your radar as an extra thing.
JEFF WALZ: No, I don't even worry about that. We don't even talk about that. Our team has known since we started this tournament -- well, actually the start of the ACC Tournament, we talked, it's one-and-done now, guys. The "my bads," the "hey, I'm sorry," it's not good enough. I tell them right now if I've got to spend any energy on trying to get you excited, I'm just going to take you out. Your teammates should not have to spend any energy on trying to get you focused because your head is down because you missed a shot or you're frustrated. Everybody on that floor has got to spend the energy on the opponent, on themselves.

Guys, this is the best time of the year, it's the most exciting part of college basketball. So I truly believe our seniors are dialed in. They're looking forward to the opportunity tomorrow. And I don't worry about that at all.

Q. Jeff, you've done an amazing job at Louisville getting them to the Final Four and championship games in your twelve years a few times. Can you appreciate what UConn's done making it 11 straight Final Fours.
JEFF WALZ: Oh, yes.

Q. Just how tough that is for any team to do year after year and the expectations when you don't win it all for them and it's like, well, they had a terrible year? Well, you made the Final Four.
JEFF WALZ: No, it's -- you know, I can just talk from our end of it. 12 years ago, the goal was just to get to a Sweet 16. I can remember like, hey, we just want to have the opportunity to get to a Sweet 16, and now we've gone to nine in 12 years. This is our fifth Elite 8. And we've been in three Final Fours. And I've got my fans, which I love them, that before the ACC Tournament started, we have our tickets to Tampa. I'm like, that's great. Now we've got a few ballgames to play before then.

But your expectations change, and that's what Geno has created here at UConn. It's amazing, 11 straight Final Fours. You're not having a bad night. I mean, it's -- for those 11 straight, you've got -- that's 44 games that you've played in the NCAA Tournament, and you really have not had a bad night. That's pretty darned impressive.

I've got the utmost respect for it. It doesn't -- I know everybody would say, hey, he's always got better players, he's got this, he's got that. We all have some good players. It's just impressive that two or three of them have not had a bad night on the same night. I mean, they've won 44 straight to get to the Final Four. So we know we have our hands full tomorrow.

But no, we take great pride in what we've been able to do here at Louisville. My SID has in our game notes the 32 previous years Louisville had never been to a Sweet 16. In 12, we've been to nine now. So I think it speaks volumes for my staff, our ability to go out and recruit, and then our ability to motivate players.

You've got to figure out a way to get kids to do more than they think they can, and then as soon as they start to do that, then they start to buy into each other. And I say it all the time, I know when we've got a special group when they really aren't concerned about me during a game. They aren't concerned if I'm getting on them, you've got to box out. When I see them talking to each other, going that's my fault on the box out, I'll get the next one. Instead you have teams that are like, if somebody gets beat on a back door cut, it's like, I hope Coach didn't see that. It's like, did he see it or not.

The great teams are the ones, they're holding each other accountable and they don't want to let each other down, and that's what we've built here the past few years, and that's why we've been able to have our success.

Q. Your players were just talking about being an underdog legitimately as if they believe that. Do you like them to play with a chip on their shoulder or do you like them to be realistic that you have a pretty big chore in front of them?
JEFF WALZ: No, I mean, it's what we just talked about here. We're predicted as the first 1 seed to get beat by ESPN. Everybody was upset that we got the 1 seed here. So I mean, I would say we are the underdog.

But at the end of the day, it really doesn't matter. You have to show up and play. We always step on the floor respecting whoever we're playing. We know, and I've said it for two years now, our margin for error is thin. If you look at the rankings of these players as they come out of high school, you know, you've got No. 1, No. 1, No. 3, No. 5. It's pretty remarkable on that team we're playing tomorrow. And then I've got a young lady by the name of Bionca Dunham who wasn't even a top 300 on anybody's scouting service.

We try to take pieces and put them into a puzzle that works for us. And then if everybody does their job, we're pretty darned good. We're not going to win tomorrow by playing one-on-one. We're not going to beat them with just a one-on-one basketball game, okay, I'm better than you. We have to play within ourselves.

As I tell them, and I said it the other night, whatever you do well, do it, and whatever you don't do well, don't let anybody see it, and that's our motto right now. If you're not a good one-on-one player taking somebody to the basket, don't do it. If you're a screener, screen. You can only have one leading scorer on a team, and I always ask at the beginning of every year, what do you want to do. I want to be the leading scorer. I said, well, there's eight of you that have said that. Not one of you have said you want to be the best defender.

So you know, everybody on our team now has kind of bought into their role. I thought what Dana Evans did last night and Arica Carter on their point guards, Destiny Slocum, I think she may have woken up last night with a nightmare that Dana Evans was by her because she just hounded her the entire time. It's not that she stole it every time, but she put pressure on her. Well, that's what she does great.

Kylee is doing a really nice job now of finishing in the paint and rebounding. She's a post presence for us. Arica Carter -- I say all the time, Arica Carter is the YMCA 50 and over men's league player. She just spots up, she knocks down spot up threes, she's in the right spot at the right time, she gets the ball to the right people, but she's not blowing by you and making some and-one mix tape move.

But that's who we are. And then we've always had a player like Asia, you know, somebody that, you know what, shot clock is running down, I can get her the ball and she'll get her shot. She can get something up on the rim for us and a lot of times it goes in. There were a few times in last night's game where we isolated and went flat with her, and she makes that little step back off her back foot, and I turned to the bench and I go, when you've got that, it makes it nice.

But everybody else believes in what they're doing. They've accepted their role. So for us tomorrow everybody has got to play their role and do it well.


Q. Napheesa, can you talk about that game in January when you played them and what you guys have learned from that game two months ago against Louisville and what you need to improve on for the win tomorrow?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: Well, we need to improve on everything. We played just not our game at all. And we were watching the film, and we were just like, what are we doing? That doesn't look like us at all, how we're playing now and how we know that we can play. So just staying composed and knowing that we need to run our stuff and not kind of getting so flustered as we did in that game.

Q. Napheesa and Lou, what did fluster you in that game? They pride themselves on playing defense. Were they just not giving you the looks that you normally get or were you guys just not executing for some reason?
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: I think we struggled to execute, and I think we tried to do too many different things to kind of go at their defense, because it was a little different than what we'd faced up to that point, when we should have just stuck to what we normally do because there were times things were working and we didn't go back to it.

NAPHEESA COLLIER: Yeah, I thought a lot of it was definitely execution. Like I said, we were just kind of not playing our game. And like Lou said, if we had something, we wouldn't go back to it or we were trying too many different things. So like I said, just staying and doing what we know how to do is going to be a big key for us tomorrow.

Q. Katie, I know you're probably getting tired of talking about it, but Coach said last night he thought you had limited mobility with your back. How is the back feeling today, and are you ready for tomorrow?
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: At this point in the season, it's all mind over matter. There's people all over the country that are playing still that have injuries and have little things that are bothering them. Stuff that's going on with me, I'm not letting it affect me. I'm doing whatever I can to feel my best, but mentally if I feel good, then that's good enough.

Q. Christyn, people talk about freshmen aren't freshmen anymore at the end of the season. How much have you gained this year? Do you feel like more of a sophomore at this stage of the season?
CHRISTYN WILLIAMS: Well, yeah, this year has been challenging for me. I've had my ups and downs but it's the end of the season now, so I kind of know the ropes now. I'm still a freshman, but with the help of my teammates, they encourage me and give me amazing confidence to do what I do.

Q. Crystal and Phee, you guys talked about not being yourselves offensively the first game, but Coach afterward made a point if you guys had played the way you did in the last two and a half minutes, it would have been an entirely different game. Did you do something differently then during that time, or did a light go on, or did they just play you differently because they were up more?
CRYSTAL DANGERFIELD: I believe in those last two minutes, two and a half minutes, we kind of were playing our speed, and we were kind of controlling the tempo of what we wanted to do, how fast we wanted to score and normally that's our game. You know, it's out in transition. It's quick ball movement and things like that, and setting good screens, using the screens, come off of it and getting our shots. And I think that's what was going on at the end of the game.

NAPHEESA COLLIER: I think because we were a little bit flustered, so maybe we were playing a little bit more timid than we usually did or not looking straight away for the things, like Crystal said, that we normally get. But we knew in the last two minutes if we didn't make a change -- I mean, we were down at that point so we were going to lose. But we wanted to get back and fight back as hard as we can. And so we weren't worried about -- there was no time to be timid, that we weren't worried about making mistakes. We had to go as fast as we can, and that's why we looked so much better, because we weren't afraid to make those mistakes.

Q. Katie, Geno said last night there are times when we, meaning you guys, need to remind, hey, we're UConn and we're not going to be gotten rid of that easy. Were there times in the game and maybe even last night where that feeling kind of comes over you guys, that's sort of built up for a long time for how long you've been there and your ability to believe in yourself in the clutch?
KATIE LOU SAMUELSON: Yeah, I think when it came down to some of the closing minutes in the third and fourth quarter, it felt kind of like we know what we're doing. No matter what the score is right now, we have that confidence, we know what we're good at. And you could kind of see it in the other team, too, that they know we're UConn, as well. And that goes a long way because of what Coach has been able to do with this program. Being a part of it, you have to be a certain type of player and certain type of person that can handle that pressure and embrace it, but also use it to your benefit.

Q. Crystal, speaking of last night, when Katie Lou got the flagrant foul and went to the free-throw line, do you think -- you guys looked really pumped up like everybody was standing at half court kind of clapping and you went on your run after that and did some big things. Was that kind of like exciting? Did that kind of pump you guys up a little bit?
CRYSTAL DANGERFIELD: I think so. There are times in the game where you have a play that can change the momentum of the game, and that was definitely one of them. Another one was where she stole the ball and got the and-one, I think that was really the one that shifted the game in our favor. It's plays like that that Lou has made all year long that we -- we can happen and can push the game for us.

Q. I have a question with regard to the expected crowd. Megan, it will most likely be pro-UConn. How much of an advantage is that and do you see that as something to help continue to motivate you?
MEGAN WALKER: At the first game, we were at Louisville, so I feel like that definitely played a part in it. So with the crowd in our favor, it'll give us a good burst of energy, and we'll feel like we're at home.

CRYSTAL DANGERFIELD: You know, we're in New York and everything, but it's still, like you said, pro-UConn. And we've played here before, so again, I think it's the familiarity for this team, and we'll be comfortable out there playing.

NAPHEESA COLLIER: We've been saying since day one when we got here, we have the best fans in the country, so we know there's going to be a lot of people tomorrow. And as you said, it's going to be mostly UConn fans, so just having their energy and all the stuff that they bring is really a confidence and energy boost for us. So I think it'll definitely be an extra thing that helps us tomorrow.

Q. How much was that a factor last night as you were climbing back to tie the game and ultimately take the lead?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: It's a lot. I mean, like I said, to have the energy that our fans have and the consistency with them, just when Lou has that steal or Crystal makes those huge shots or Megan gets a rebound or Christyn drives, anything like that, to have them roaring in our ears it just hypes you up so much. Like I said, their consistency with us and the energy that they bring to us is really invaluable, and so we're so lucky to have these fans.

Q. Christyn, Coach was talking last night about when Olivia was on the floor, she just kind of changed the game a little bit because of how big she is. Was that kind of fun watching her get so involved and how much better she's gotten in the postseason?
CHRISTYN WILLIAMS: Yeah, Olivia has gotten a lot better. Just her presence on the floor, she's big, she gets a lot of rebounds, blocked shots. So it's a huge game changer when she's in the paint.

GENO AURIEMMA: You know, there's probably no more, I think, nervous energy on a team or coaching staff than the day between your Sweet 16 game and your final 8 game because you just want to play. You know you've got to play a really good team. You know you've got to play really well. You know what's at stake in the game. You know what's the reward for winning the game. And the prize for losing the game is your season is over.

So there's a lot of anxiousness, I'm sure, that every team and every coaching staff feels around this time. But that's kind of a good thing. We're ready -- I think, as ready as we're going to be. We kind of figured this is the team we'd be playing. We'd be playing Louisville whether we were a 1 and they were a 2, or we were a 2 and they're a 1. It really doesn't matter. This is probably the match-up that was going to happen anyway, and we're anxious for it to get started.

Q. Geno, what's the biggest problem Louisville presents to you guys?
GENO AURIEMMA: I think any time you have a player that can kind of create a shot for themselves whenever they really need one, create some opportunities for teammates. I think the NCAA Tournament is about great players, and if you happen to have one of them who's used to being in that situation, and I think Asia certainly is, I think you spend so much energy trying to defend her that you hurt yourself at some other positions.

I think you've just got to be careful that you don't get caught up in watching Asia play and forget about the rest of the team. They're a really good team. They're not just Asia Durr.

Q. Geno, I know we talked to Napheesa a little bit last night about how helpful it was that you've already seen Louisville once this season. Obviously that was a loss, but what can you gain from that experience going into tomorrow's game?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, the game was played in an odd sort of way. We wanted to get the game moving really quickly in the beginning, and it moved so quickly that I think Louisville got into a real comfort zone, and that first quarter was pretty fast-paced. And the whole first half was pretty fast-faced, both teams.

So I was happy with the way we played. I didn't anticipate that third quarter going the way it did where we just completely shut down. You know, we got away from everything that we were doing well in the first half, and we were never able to recover.

I think the game's got to be played tomorrow possession by possession, a 40-minute game instead of us playing great in spurts and going long stretches where we don't have great possessions. I think we're a better team than we were when we played them the first time. I mean, I guess they are, too, for that matter. So I think the game will reflect that.

Q. In the first game against Louisville, you guys were still kind of looking for a solid option off the bench. Now you kind of have Olivia as that person. How do you expect she'll impact the game, and what are you looking for her to do tomorrow?
GENO AURIEMMA: You know, Liv does impact the game on the defensive end because we just don't have anybody that can give us that kind of look. You know, there's less lay-ups when she's in the game. There's less offensive rebounds when she's in the game. There's a couple more blocked shots.

So sometimes just seeing her standing in the middle of the lane is enough to change the way a team wants to play on offense. And the fact that she's very confident right now. I'm hoping that she adds some offense. But certainly defensively she's helped us a lot.

Q. Question for you about Asia Durr since you brought her up. You actually had the opportunity to recruit her, so a two-part question. What was that recruitment like, and what was it like when she told you that she was going elsewhere?
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, every recruiting story is pretty much the same. You know, you always feel like in the beginning everybody is on the same level playing field, you know. Everybody has got an equal chance. But then as time goes on, you can start to see that sometimes you know you're going to get a kid and you end up getting them. And there's other times when you keep trying, but you know it's not going to work out.

I think with Asia, it was obviously -- everybody was recruiting her, and only one school was going to get her. And when she told me that she was going to Louisville, I wasn't surprised. I mean, by the time you get a phone call telling you where a kid is going, you already know where a kid is going. In that respect, it was the same as recruiting every other kid.

Q. How does the team dynamic change when your leaders and your top contributors are seniors versus when they are not?
GENO AURIEMMA: If your best players and your team leaders are the same people, then it's actually pretty cool. Sometimes your best players and your team leaders are not the same people, and then it's a little bit dicier. But obviously if you're a senior and this is your first time in this position, then you're not exactly in the same place mentally as if you're a senior and this is your fourth time in this position. If you're a young kid who just came to college and all of a sudden this isn't a January game where we have another game on Wednesday, and now all of a sudden you're playing in a game where the winner goes to the Final Four, that's a lot to ask for a freshman. I mean, unless those freshmen are Duke's men's freshmen, then that's a little bit different. But not everybody has those guys.

So I think experience means a lot at this time of the year. It means almost as much as talent. I think I'd trade, all things being equal, a really talented kid for an experienced kid.

Q. You're playing essentially your second game in about a day and a half tomorrow, and I think you played all three of your starters all 40 minutes. Is that a concern at all, especially as it pertains to Katie Lou with her back issues?
GENO AURIEMMA: You know, it can be. It can be. And at the same time, there's nothing that they haven't done. Throughout most of the season it's been like that, and hopefully we don't have to play them all 40 minutes. But sometimes that's just the way it goes.

As I said, the game will be played a little bit differently than it was played down at Louisville, and we'll have to pick our spots, but I don't think anybody is going to ask to come out tomorrow because they're tired. That generally doesn't happen at this time of the year.

Q. Following up on the experience question, something I asked Jeff. Over the years you've talked about if your seniors, once you're getting to this game, there can always be that little bit of, if I lose, it's the last game. We could look at the Holdsclaw example, played great all year and then in that Duke game in '99, she couldn't buy a shot to save her life --
GENO AURIEMMA: It happens. You always worry about seniors, their whole senior year, but especially in the NCAA Tournament. Some kids just take off and they have incredible finishing acts to their careers. And other kids do get worried, they do get a little bit apprehensive about what if, what if, what if. They start to think that way.

As a coach, I don't know that you can do anything to prevent that. I've been in both situations, you know, where I've had seniors that they played their best basketball during the NCAA Tournament, and I've had some older kids who were a little bit gun-shy. You just hope, cross your fingers that you've got kids that they've been waiting for this moment, and they know this is their last time, and they're determined to make the most of it.

Q. Geno, two-part question. I ask you this every year and you always have a good answer on it --
GENO AURIEMMA: Can you just write the answer I gave you last year?

Q. You always say to get to the Final Four usually one player steps up in this game to get you there. Do you think you know who that player will be tomorrow? And the second question is: It's tough to beat you guys twice in a year. I don't know if this has been asked before, but I think only Notre Dame has done it in the last decade. What is it about you guys that when you play someone more than once, that second time you usually don't lose to them?
GENO AURIEMMA: We have a lot of really talented players on the floor that second time that maybe weren't quite ready the first time. I think all the -- it's funny, this year all the stereotypes and all the preexisting theories that I've heard, they just don't seem to hold up for me. Because this team that I'm coaching right now is really unpredictable, and it's really quite different than any other team that I've coached in the last 10 or 11 years. You know, going into tomorrow, it's a different Louisville team that we're playing, and I think it's a different Connecticut team that they're playing.

But it still does come down to our best players have to out-play their best players. That's the way it always works. I'm not going to come up with a strategy tonight that's going to make a big difference tomorrow. Jeff might, but I can't. And I think that it's more of a -- you know who your go-to players are, and it's not going to be any different than it was during the regular season, and you have to hope that they play exceptionally well. If they don't, that puts a lot of pressure on somebody who's not used to playing that well. That doesn't mean they can't do it, but the odds are against it.

So that's why it's -- this is such a big game. And it's great to anticipate it, because you're dying to see who's going to step up and be those kids.

Q. This weekend Muffet McGraw in a pretty substantial story online stated that she'll no longer hire male assistants. She's decided against that. She's the defending National Championship coach. I was wondering do you think there's a message there that could affect male coaches getting into the game, or are the numbers just so stark with trying to get more women in the game, men's and women's college, that she's on the right path? I just kind of wanted to hear you out on that topic.
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, I hope she sends a thank you to all those guys that used to be on her staff that got her all those good players that won a championship. I don't know. I didn't read the story. I don't know anything about it. But I look at some of the top programs in America, and they seem to have pretty good coaches who happen to be men. So Muffet is entitled to hire anybody she wants, you know. I don't know why she feels the need to make a statement about it. I've never hired a guy as one of my assistants, either. I'm not going to make a statement about it. Every coach does what they feel comfortable doing.

I don't think what's in that story is going to have any effect whatsoever around the country, one bit. There's just too many good programs being run by guys that all of a sudden athletic directors are going to go, you know what, instead of doing what's best for my program, I'm going to do what's best for Muffet McGraw. Not going to happen.

Q. Jeff said that they're the underdogs tomorrow and that you're the favorite, and also, if you could comment on that --
GENO AURIEMMA: And he's still the coach at Louisville. I read that, too.

Q. Do you see a parallel between their program and your program? Like Jeff is trying to build there like the same thing that you have? And like a little bit of his wiseguy-ness? Do you see a parallel between that?
GENO AURIEMMA: You know, they've pretty much reached the place where most people hope to go. You know, they have a great program. They have great crowd support. They have great support from the University. They win. They go to the Final Four. You know, they win championships in their league.

You know, I think that's -- I think Jeff is a little too old to be crying that they're the underdog, you know. We're on a losing streak with them, you know. I mean, if that's what they need or if that's what he needs to get his team to that point, then I'm okay with that. I think it's pretty funny. But I guess you've got to do what you've got to do to get your team ready to go.

Any time I hear these stories, I get a kick out of it. You know, I mean, I don't remember the last time we've been an underdog. Can anybody remember that, the last time somebody said Connecticut is the underdog? So maybe he's going by that. We've just been the favorite so often. But I think we're sitting on the wrong bench tomorrow, though, if we're the favorite. They need to change the benches. And I think we're wearing the wrong uniforms

Q. For both of you two, Coach said shots just weren't falling. Was it one of those nights where you were getting looks, shots just weren't going in the basket?
MIKAYLA PIVEC: Yeah, I felt like we got a lot of really good looks on the outside. They were helping on the drives, and we had that kickback and we also had opportunities for the guards to hit threes, and they just weren't falling for us today. We've had a little bit of a stretch in this last month where we haven't shot is as well as we usually do.

KATIE McWILLIAMS: Yeah, shots weren't falling, but I thought we had a great defensive game. We held them to 61 points, which is a lot lower than their average, so just proud of what this team was able to do even though we lost and even though we weren't shooting as well as we usually do.

Q. Katie, question for you: Just when you think about where the program was when you came and where the program is now, what do you think the significance is of it that you're here in the Sweet 16, and that may even feel like a disappointment, given all that you've accomplished and given all that the program is able to do?
KATIE McWILLIAMS: You know, it's been a high-end program ever since I came. My freshman year went to the Final Four and then another Sweet 16, Elite 8, Sweet 16. We're nothing but competitors, and it's nothing but a great culture and family program. I mean, they're going to be doing big things for a long time, especially under Scott, and I know that my teammates that continue to play here are just going to do amazing things as just basketball players and people.

Q. Katie kind of said it, but if you went into this game and someone told you Louisville would have 61 points by the end of the game and 44 after three, I'm guessing you would probably think you guys would be in pretty good shape to win the game?
SCOTT RUECK: I did. Just like I said, we got shots we knew we would get. We missed stuff at the rim even, we missed a couple free throws that we normally make. You know, but I liked what we had. Defensively I felt just as we studied them, it was nice to have more than a day to study them in the depth that I wanted to from a year ago.

You know, I thought we made them go to the spots on the floor we wanted them to. We made them miss, we made them shoot 40 percent. Our score is 17 1/2 points less than their average, and that's what we do. We're known for that, and we executed those things.

We couldn't get anything going inside. Give them credit. We got the shots for the most part that we wanted on the perimeter, they just didn't fall. And so I don't know, that's basketball, I guess.

But, yes, I was very pleased with our effort tonight. Just unfortunate that it didn't go down. Because it's a completely different game if we're hitting shots, you know. They hit a bunch of shots but they're up on the board. There's no scoreboard pressure. If we come out and we knock some shots down and close the gap even sooner or earlier or further in the first quarter, then maybe some of those perimeter post shots are a little tighter, and that's the game.

But they were able to keep us at bay, took pressure off them, were able to continue to score in the fourth.

Q. Third quarter it looked like you guys tried a few different things. I saw Katie play out at the point and Mikayla. Were you just trying some stuff just to kind of shake things up and hope to get some offense at some point?
SCOTT RUECK: I'm always trying stuff, and so, yes, I was trying some stuff. Just the way they were shifting their defense, I thought, could give us a couple different options. Moving Destiny around I thought would be good for us, so that was part of that. Katie. This team has been blessed with four point guards that have played significant time at the 1, Katie being one of them. And so putting the ball in her hands has always been, for the most part, a good thing for us. Sees the floor so well. And so that was one thing to try.

But you've got to try something, you know, just to spark a little bit of confidence. What if one of those would have gone down? Honestly, if one of those shots would have gone down I think everybody could have just relaxed, like okay, this is the one, this is the one that's going down, and this is the one, and there were a couple -- a couple from the other side where I'm kind of lined up with the ball, like that's going down. Just didn't.

Give them credit for being great on the defensive glass. We won the boards by eight, another category that I felt great about. However, when we needed that extra little O-board, they did a great job on the defensive boards to hold us to one shot.

Q. When you look up tonight, there were a few teams in the Pac-12, like you, UCLA, Arizona State, Stanford -- when you look up, there's a slew of teams that came into this tournament. I know you can't speak for everybody, but just talk about how tough it is to win in the Pac-12 and what does it say when you have that many teams coming down this deep into the tournament?
SCOTT RUECK: Yeah, well, it's a pleasure to be a part of such a fantastic group. The competition in our league, it feels like tonight every night. Our last nine games -- I'm a big mass e-rating fan. I don't know if anybody else is, but personally I go there. I've gone there ever since my D-III days, because they rate Division III. Right now there's nine teams in the top 35. Our last nine Pac-12 games were against those teams. The Sweet 16 teams, Cal and Arizona on the road.

And so it's just been an absolute grind, and so we're all battle tested. It didn't surprise me that UCLA came in and played the way they did tonight with as much toughness as they did in their game. Nothing fazed us tonight. It was just a night where the ball didn't go for us. In fact, we just walked by the scoreboard, this is the same score as our Stanford game down there where it was an amazing defensive performance, the ball just didn't fall for us. And that's actually where our shooting struggles began that night, on a night very similar.

You know, and so this conference, I knew everybody would be battle tested and ready for the tournament no matter what tournament it was and they would do well. So I don't see it changing, either. The coaches are just too good throughout and everybody is recruiting so well and working so hard.

Q. As someone who's sent plenty of players to the WNBA, I'm curious in two parts: Number one, when you think about Destiny and getting her from here to there a year from now, what do you see as what needs to happen next? And just also on Asia, just from seeing her up close the last couple years, what do you think stands out and will make her an elite pro at the next level?
SCOTT RUECK: Yeah, and hopefully for Destiny it's two years. She's got two for us.

Well, they're both dynamic. When you look at a player, like you mentioned, we've put four in the WNBA the last three years, and each one of them had a unique skill. Each one of them was un-guardable one-on-one. Each one of them commanded a double-team. Each one of them had an incredible work ethic and had ultimate confidence. And so Destiny is on her way.

Taking a year off is hard. Last year she played the 3 in practice because we needed Mikayla Pivec and Aleah Goodman to get every rep at the point, because those were our point guards last year. For her to now step into the 1, to step into a conference that defends and is as tactical as the Pac-12 has been, there's been growing pains for her. We defend differently than anything that she'd been used to.

So I just spoke to her in the locker room and told her how proud I was of her taking on all this this year with so much scrutiny and pressure and so many eyes on her in this limelight position that she's in. I've never coached a player with that much hype and that much attention going into a season with zero experience playing for us. It was really a unique year. I think she's handled it phenomenally.

She's got another gear to hit in preparation. The game is so easy for her, show up and be the best kid on the floor, get a shot off whenever you feel like it, and she's just so dynamic in her skill set and her athleticism.

For her, the future is just a different level of prep in every way, and just to see herself as somebody that is a number one draft pick, and to do all those things. So she's on her way. It's been a learning year.

For Asia, I mean, what can you say about her? She's elite in every way. I was thinking before the game just that commitment for Louisville, what that's meant for them to get her and what she can do for that team and how she makes everybody so confident.

Her ability not only to create her own shot but to draw defense, to understand the game and to create opportunities for her teammates, as well, and then you saw a couple fantastic defensive plays. She's somebody that's fantastic on both ends of the floor, which at that level you've got to have, and then I like her ball security. She doesn't make mistakes, and I know at the WNBA they don't like turnovers. She's going to be a fantastic pro.

Yeah, and she's a classy competitor, too. I'll tell you that. I haven't interacted with her much, but even tonight it was a real nice greeting after the game: Congrats, Coach, you do a great job. She doesn't need to say that stuff, but she did. So I'm a fan.

Q. Scott, obviously you guys have proven during the season you're a really good shooting team from the perimeter, but the last few weeks haven't been real great. Is it possible -- you've talked about the grind. Did fatigue set in here late in the season maybe, and maybe that was a little bit of the reason?
SCOTT RUECK: Maybe. We shot lights out in our practice yesterday. I mean, and we went the bare minimum amount of time that we could. We didn't miss. Maybe that was a problem. Maybe I should have cut off practice as soon as we made a shot and said save them for tomorrow.

But I don't know about that. I mean, lay-ups are easier to make through fatigue for sure than perimeter shots. But there's a lot of threes going down for other teams.

The grind of the conference, who knows. You can speculate all you want. I don't know. There's no way for me truly to know that. Shots looked good to me.

But it has been a grind, I'll tell you that. It has been a grind. But I liked our energy. I liked our effort, and we defended extremely well. And so I think we had plenty of fuel in the tank. Just didn't fall.

Q. Crystal, that fourth quarter run you guys scored the first six points in a 15-4 run, I think you had 9 of your 15 in that stretch. Did you have to do something offensively to get this team going? What was the difference in that fourth quarter for the team?
CRYSTAL DANGERFIELD: It was really taking what the defense was giving us. Coach challenged us at halftime to get into the paint, not really looking for fouls, but just going in there to score, and he wanted to make sure that we had a balance of inside shots and outside shots.

Q. Napheesa, can you address what Coach was saying, just they are so -- UCLA, not that you guys aren't incredibly athletic, but they're so athletic and they just get in your business on everything? Can you talk about that and how you were able to keep your composure with that?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: Yeah, they're incredibly athletic and physical, and they're all kind of the same height. Our biggest thing tonight was rebounding, And while these two did amazing today, especially as they addressed Crystal in the fourth quarter, I was really proud of Megan Walker and how we talked before the game about how it's really going to decide us rebounding and boxing out, and I thought she did an amazing job. I think she had 11 rebounds, so I definitely want to give a lot of credit to her.

I think we're all going to need a soak and a ice bath tonight. It was really physical. But we grinded it out, and I'm really proud of how we played tonight.

Q. Napheesa, you talked about how physical it was. Talk about how you guys went in the second half, the 1-3-1 zone press, you guys kind of stagnated the offense. Do you think that was the turning point of the game?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: Yeah, I thought our press was really disruptive for them. I thought it made them kind of slow down and have to do things that they were not comfortable with, and the press is something that we like to do a lot. I think we're pretty good at it and we do disrupt teams, so I thought that was a good turning point for us.

Q. Christyn, first off, how are you feeling after that big leap? And second of all, can you just talk about how you came out of the game? You really started the aggressiveness for the whole team.
CHRISTYN WILLIAMS: Yeah, I'm okay, by the way. I was just going after the ball. I'm perfectly fine. You know, Coach always is on me about being aggressive from the jump, so that was my mindset going into the game is being aggressive at all times, and I thought I executed well. So yeah, that was my mindset.

Q. Napheesa, you've gotten to a point where the 20/10s are just automatic, and it seems like you decide early on to take control of these games. I am wondering how much of that is directly coming from you and how much of that is coming from just what defenses are allowing to happen.
NAPHEESA COLLIER: I think it's a mixture of a lot of things. Obviously I try to work as hard as I can to get position and get in a place where I can be successful with the ball, but my team does a great job also of getting me the ball, like I said, in the places that I want to be successful. I think just being aggressive from the jump is what I've been trying to do a lot, and, like I said, kind of just finding position early and sealing, I guess. I don't know.

Q. I'm curious when that changed for you, when you decided it was important to be aggressive right away? At what point in your UConn career did that happen?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: I mean, it kind of happened more so my sophomore year just because my freshman year I was just a freshman floating around and didn't really know what I was doing. My sophomore year I knew Kayla and I would have a bigger role, so I knew I would have to be more aggressive. And I thought I kind of got away from that last year, so I knew coming into this year that I never wanted to do that again and I wanted to kind of change my mindset and never, ever doubt myself or be timid or anything like that. So I kind of came into this year knowing that I wanted to be more aggressive.

Q. Crystal, you guys got down a little bit in that third quarter; how important was it for you guys to stop that at five and then just kind of hang back in until you went on that run in the fourth quarter?
CRYSTAL DANGERFIELD: It was huge. You know, basketball is a game of runs. We were going to have ours, they were going to have theirs, and I think it was a matter of getting one stop. And once we did that, I think we got out in transition a little, Lou got that big steal, we were hitting our shots, going to the free-throw line and things of that nature, and I think that really turned the game for us.

It's not always going to go in your favor, but I think tonight we did what was necessary, getting a big rebound like Phee said about Meg, she came in and did her job tonight, and I think that was the game changer.

Q. Crystal, coach was saying at this time of the year it's about making big plays. Did you have a moment, you look up at the scoreboard, you guys are down by one, you've got 10 minutes left, did you have a moment in yourself where you thought, this is my time, I have to make big plays?
CRYSTAL DANGERFIELD: Not necessarily that it's my time but it's just that a play had to be made. He kind of said it after the game, we didn't know where it was going to come from, but it was definitely going to happen. And that's the kind of confidence that we've kind of grown to have in each other over the course of this season.

Again, it was just really taking what the defense was giving us, and that was really where the run was coming from.

Q. Napheesa, it just seemed in that fourth quarter you guys stayed so poised, like Crystal just said, you kind of knew that was coming. Just the composure that you guys had when UCLA was jacking up shots and everything. Can you speak to that for a second?
NAPHEESA COLLIER: Well, I think we've had a lot of practice, honestly, with it this year. There's been a lot of games where we've been down at one point, at some point in the game. And so as hard as it was obviously to lose those games and to kind of have a different dynamic this year, having that experience is what I think is going to help us down the road and helped us today because we're not getting flustered in those situations. We know that we've been there. We know that we have the fight to push back and to come back from those, which is exactly what we did tonight. Like I said, as hard as it was to go through it during the year grinding it out, I think it's definitely something that's prepared us for this tournament.

Q. Coach, last three years you've seen Crystal Dangerfield really develop in front of your eyes, taking on bigger roles, dribble drive penetration. Overall from freshman year to now, what do you see as her biggest asset to now?
GENO AURIEMMA: I mean, basketball always, as much as people want to say when they talk about a dominant big man, basketball is dictated by the people that have the ball in their hands the majority of the time. It's always been my feeling that if you have really good guards on your team, then you have a chance to have a really good team, provided you have some of the other pieces.

But I think Crystal's biggest adjustment or biggest growth has come from taking on more personal accountability, more responsibility. I think as you grow in our program, you start to see that at some point it's going to be all on you. Her freshman year and her sophomore year, she had a lot of people around her that if she didn't play well or something didn't go right, they could bail her out. And now she's in a situation where she looks around and says, "It's all on me". And I think sometimes that forces you to hold yourself more accountable, to understand, like today, if I don't make these plays, it's not going to happen and we're going to lose, because I can't expect Christyn to do it. And Lou isn't going to have the ball in her hands, I've got to get her the ball. But in the meantime I've got to make sure we win this game. That's part of growing up for sure.

Q. Geno, you mentioned they were four and a half. Was it Lou's back was the issue today? I assume that's the half you're referring to.
GENO AURIEMMA: Well, we got some great mileage out of Liv. I thought Olivia played really, really well in the minutes that she got. Yeah, I mean, Lou's mobility is not the same as it was. I'm sure that her back is still an issue. But it was made -- it was compounded by how long and how athletic they are and how physical the game was. You would never know it, but it was kind of physical. We didn't necessarily shoot a lot of free throws, but it was physical. I don't know that Lou's mobility was where it needs to be, and she really struggled. Really struggled.

We went in at halftime, what, up 5? And Lou and Crystal didn't score. So we kind of felt okay. I thought Lou would do something in the second half, you know. I never thought that her big moment would be on a defensive play. That's like the biggest shocker of the night. And a three-point play.

Q. I'm just curious, seeing Cori and what she's built from the outside, a couple years ago they played you relatively tough, but obviously it wasn't at the same level, wasn't the same sort of challenge. It is in the Sweet 16 now. I'm wondering what that view is for you from the outside, but also what it says about the state of women's basketball, that there are more Coris building, there are more programs that can challenge and around that wasn't necessarily a challenge in the past for bluebloods?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, well, generally speaking, two things have to happen to try to even the playing field. The teams that are at the top have to come back a little bit, and the teams that are trying to catch them have to come up a little bit. Because for a bunch of years, the teams at the top, and I know because we were one of them, we just kept getting better every year. So no matter how hard other people worked, the gap was always the same and was actually getting worse.

Well, that started to change. The teams like UCLA with what Cori has done, they've gotten progressively better over the years, and the cycle was going to change. All those teams that used to dominate the top, they've kind of come back to earth a little bit, so it's made them much more competitive game. More people were in the mix, you know.

We've been to, what, 11 straight Final Fours? That's probably not -- I mean, not healthy for me, but it's probably something that should be impossible to do in the real world of competitive sports. It should not be possible to go that many years in a row. And it's going to get much, much more difficult each and every year from here on in.

And there's a lot of good young coaches out there. And at a place like UCLA, you almost have to say to yourself, how could you not? UCLA, Oregon, Oregon State, just those three out there. She's done a great job. She's done a great job.

Q. The question I'm pretty sure you've heard this many times as the tournament started, you came in as a No. 2 seed, which was shocking to a lot of people, and even though you're winning, you're not blowing teams out by 40 or 50 points. How much of an edge does that give you going forward, and how much edge has it given you in this tournament?
GENO AURIEMMA: That's a hard one to answer because a lot of times those emotional things, that doesn't last a long time. When people talk about you bring a ton of emotion to a game, at some point you're going to have to win the game with how good you are, not how emotional you are. So there was a point in today's game during one of the time-outs where we looked like we were in trouble. The look on their face looked like they were in trouble because we couldn't get anything to drop, we couldn't get a call. They started burying threes. So it was like, well, what are we going to do, we can't guard them inside if we have to go out. So we're going to have to give something up. And it looked like we were like searching. But then all of a sudden, something happened, and I think they remembered that we're UConn, and this is what we do. And it doesn't always work, don't get me wrong. Sometimes it just doesn't happen. But you know, there's just enough times with four, five minutes left in the game. Our kids need to be reminded sometimes, we're still UConn, you know. We're not going to die easily. It's not going to be that easy to get rid of us.

I think that does come from this little whatever you're carrying around with you that no one has picked us to win it, I don't think. But I don't know that that's going to help you win a game.

Q. Olivia had a huge block in the beginning of the fourth quarter; what did she mean to the shift in momentum obviously defensively for you guys?
GENO AURIEMMA: Yeah, it changes what we look like, obviously, against their size and their athletic ability. They're just bigger than us at every position on the front line. So putting Liv in there changes what we look like. So we look like -- I can never use the word "Olivia" and "imposing" in the same sentence, but we look long, and it is kind of disruptive, and she's able to just by her presence -- I think she was a big, big factor in tonight's game, even without having to score a lot of points or do anything spectacular on the stat sheet.

Just having her out there I think was -- and she looked like she belonged out there. Like her look on the bench was like, Yeah, I got this, Coach.

Q. Did you remind them that you're still UConn and that you're not going to die easily, like you said in that time-out? You said they needed to be reminded or they figured it out themselves?
GENO AURIEMMA: No, I didn't say anything. I think C.D. noticed that it didn't come from me or any of the coaches. I think it took us getting down five to really change how we were looking at the game. I think the whole time we were winning, when we were up, it was like, yeah, okay, well, we'll figure out a way to win it. But when we got down five, I think there was a sense of, uh-oh, now we need to dig down deeper and we need to find something. And we did. We did. It was -- I was probably more proud of them in that fourth quarter, this particular group of players, than any time since they've been at Connecticut because this one they really -- it was all on their shoulders and they had to win it. Gabby is not going to bail you out with some superhuman plays. Kia is not going to lock up their best player on the perimeter. They had to do it on their own. I was really proud of them. They showed us a lot tonight.


Q. Asia, can you talk about the defensive effort tonight? I know yesterday you were talking about how you guys don't probably get as much credit as you deserve for the defense you play, but to hold the team to the points you did tonight, just the defensive effort you guys put on?
ASIA DURR: I think we played hard throughout the whole game. We made them take tough shots, and it was a whole -- what am I trying to say? It was a whole team, it wasn't just one player or one person. During this time of the year, that's what it comes down to. It can't just come down to just one player guarding their best player. It has to come down to the whole team. That's what we did a great job of doing that tonight, and I'm glad that we got the win.

Q. Asia, you're usually the three-point threat. Tonight it was Sam to start the game. How cool was that? And Sam, when did you really know that you were feeling it tonight?
ASIA DURR: You know, I'm proud of Sam. I've said it all year long, like my teammates can score. That goes to show you that's what they do. I'm very confident in them and very proud of Sam for showing off that three-point shot.

SAM FUEHRING: Thank you, Asia.

ASIA DURR: You're welcome.

SAM FUEHRING: But when did I start feeling it? I mean, shootaround we've practiced it. Coach Walz has given me confidence in that. The coaches have. My teammates have, too. But yeah, it was all shootaround really in preparing for the game. That's why I shot it and it went down, so I just kept shooting it.

Q. Who is the best player at Scrabble right now in the lobby? There's a Scrabble board in the lobby.
ASIA DURR: I haven't played.

SAM FUEHRING: I didn't know.

ARICA CARTER: I would definitely win if we played.

SAM FUEHRING: Definitely me. I was in the spelling bee, too.

Q. Asia, forgive me for going ahead already to Sunday, but it's going to come up pretty soon. You guys are going to be playing UConn again. Can you reflect back on the victory you had against them in January? You guys did a lot right, including 11 three-pointers, outrebounding them, and what will it take to do that on Sunday?
ASIA DURR: Well, the same thing but 10 times more. We're going to get their best shot. It's going to be a challenge for us guarding them. I'm very confident in my team, though, and we're going to accept this challenge and have fun with it.

ARICA CARTER: I think Asia hit it on the head. We've just got to come out and play hard. It's March Madness, so everybody is going to give you their best shot. We've got to make sure that we do the things good again this time and fix the things that we didn't do so good last time.

Q. Asia, Scott talked about your defense, and defensive metrics really love the game you've put up, especially this season. I wonder if you think people are starting to catch up with perception, the reality of your defensive abilities?
ASIA DURR: My defense?

Q. Mm-hmm.
ASIA DURR: What are they saying?

Q. There's an appreciation for it, your synergy numbers are top 10 percent.
ASIA DURR: So this is like Gary Payton now? I'm just kidding.

Q. But do you think that your defense --
ASIA DURR: No.

Q. You don't think --
ASIA DURR: Do I think what?

Q. Do you think your defense deserves greater appreciation throughout your time at Louisville?
ASIA DURR: Honestly, I couldn't tell you that. I don't pay attention to what people say. So I don't know. I just try to dial in. I know my team needs me to guard, and I don't want to be the weak link, so I just try to step that up.

JEFF WALZ: It's definitely improved. As a freshman, no one could go by her.

ASIA DURR: Anybody can go by you, my grandma can. No, just kidding.

Q. You tied a low-scoring number on the season. What was it like battling that defense?
JEFF WALZ: No, you know, was that our low you say? Was it? Tied it, okay.

You know what, I thought we came out extremely well in that first quarter. The first quarter I thought we came out, we were focused, the ball was moving. And then we got a little stagnant there in the second quarter, only scoring nine.

But we were fortunate that we continued to defend, and that's one thing that we continued to talk to our players about, if the ball is not going in the basket, you can't worry about it, and then you've got to get back down the other end of the floor.

You know, our goal every night is to get 70 plus. I think it's in our game notes, Nick has got it in our game notes, our record when we score 70-plus is pretty impressive throughout our 12 years here.

That's our goal offensively. But in a game like this where Scott does a great job of executing, and they're going to run through their stuff, and there's just -- there's not a ton of shots, you know, we had 57, they had 56, and then there's 13 free throw attempts for them, 11 for us. So it's not -- it wasn't a high-possession game.

So when that's the case, you've got to make sure that you're being efficient at the offensive end.

I think the stat of the game for me, what I'll talk to our kids about, is we gave up 11 offensive rebounds, but they only turned those into three points. We ended up with four offensive boards and came up with five. And that's what you have to figure out -- you've got to figure out a way to get some easy baskets, and one of those, I believe, led to a three in the first quarter.

Q. You always joke about how winning games by scoring more points than the opponent, but it seems a lot of success you've had in the NCAA Tournament and getting to the Final Fours is on the defensive end. Looking at the game tonight, defense helped UConn win, other games around the country, same way. Is defense more important in a sense this time of year because everyone has scouted everyone well enough to know what to do?
JEFF WALZ: I know what you're saying, and yes, it's important, but I really believe if you want to win in March, you've got to figure out a way to score, especially on Sunday. We're going to be playing a team that puts the ball in the basket at a pretty high rate in UConn.

But of course, we sit here and we take great pride in putting a scouting report together. We play each and every individual player differently, and our kids do a remarkable job of it, because it's not easy. I tell people all the time, it's another class. They're taking 15 hours in college, and this is another class, because of the detail that has to go into it.

But they've done a remarkable job all season, and that's how we've been able to continue to have success. So yeah, we'll come out here on Sunday with a plan. We're going to have to do everything we can to at least make them take contested shots, and then we're going to have to rebound the basketball because that's the one area that obviously we got out-rebounded again tonight by eight, and that's always been a concern of mine.

Q. Earlier I asked a question to the Oregon State coach about how impressive his conference was with the Pac-12. When you look at your conference with NC State and of course the champs, Notre Dame, when you're playing teams like that in your conference, how much preparation does it give you going forward when you're facing a team like UConn in the tournament?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I think it's a ton of preparation. The one thing about our league that I've always enjoyed is there's so many different styles of play. It's not just one style. And that helps prepare you for the NCAA Tournament because there's somebody that you're going to be able to tell your players, hey, this team reminds me of Syracuse. This team reminds me of Miami, whoever it might be within the league.

And because we have I think such really good coaches in the ACC, they're going to throw different looks at you. They're going to challenge you. You know, the one thing we knew coming into this tonight, that Oregon State was going to change up defenses. And I thought we handled that really well. And that's because that's what you get when you play Clemson. And that's why I think you have teams in the ACC that have success in postseason, because you are prepared for it throughout your league play.

Q. They went 2 for 22 from three and they can shoot it pretty well. Sometimes it's just the ball not going in. Did you do anything special in terms of getting out on their shooters or --
JEFF WALZ: Well, you're right. We gave up a few open looks. Like the one at the end of the third quarter was a straightaway three from the corner, I believe, for McWilliams, who normally knocks that down. But I thought we had a little bit to do with it because I thought we got them playing a little faster than what they possibly like to play. And when you're sitting there and all of a sudden there's a great look and here comes someone flying at you, your routine speeds up. And then all of a sudden you're a little shorter or you're a little long, and I think we had something to do with that. But at times, it is luck.

I mean, I think there were two or three that were halfway down and popped out, and that's why I always say, this time of the year, anything can happen. And then you've got to get a break here or there in order to figure out how to squeeze out a win.

Q. UCLA gave UConn a good run in that fourth quarter, just UConn was UConn. UCLA has never beaten them, your kids have at the end of January. How important is that, to have that confidence of having beaten them?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I think it's really important. I think that just to have that knowledge of, hey, we can do this, we've done it in the past, they were at full strength when they came to our place. And at the same time, you can't be overconfident thinking, oh, hey, all we have to do is show up, we beat them last time. I'm sure it'll be out there somewhere, but when is the last time someone beat them twice in one season? Was it in '13 maybe? Did Notre Dame beat them twice in '13? It hasn't happened very often.

So we know what's in front of us, and it's -- now you're in the tournament. I tell people all the time, gosh, you're on the same side as UConn, you're on the same side of the bracket as UConn. I can tell you from experience being on the opposite side isn't very good, either. I mean, I think we still own the record for the worst defeat in a title game.

So you know, it hasn't worked out very well for us being on the opposite side. So let's see how this works out.

But it's going to be fun. I've got the utmost respect for Geno and for what he's done. I mean, how many Final Fours have they been to? 11? I've got to use my toes to get to it. I mean, I tell people, he makes it look easy, and I don't -- it's not easy. It's really remarkable.

You know, we're going to have a chance to come in here on Sunday and lace it up and see what we can do. We're going to give it everything we have. I tell my kids all the time: If we're going to lose a ball game, I want to lose just simply because we missed shots. I don't want it to be because we didn't give great effort, we didn't follow a scouting report. I just want it to be because, you know what, we missed shots. We got good shots, and we missed them. And it happens sometimes.

So yeah, we're excited. We're going to enjoy this win tonight, which I guess it's over already, and then we'll sit tomorrow, and it's not going to be one where we're up and down and doing a whole bunch, because we just can't. We have to get some rest.

Q. You guys made it really hard for Oregon State to get the shots they wanted inside. How do you translate that to Sunday with the likes of Collier in the post?
JEFF WALZ: Well, it's going to be different. It's a completely different look for us in terms of how they spread the floor. You know, it's going to be a challenge. Napheesa is playing as well as anybody in the country. I enjoyed watching her in high school and then having the opportunity to work with her with USA Basketball. She's just -- she's a competitor.

Same thing for Katie Lou and Crystal. What Crystal did there in that fourth quarter was pretty darned impressive. She threw them on their back and said, Come on, people, let's go. I think it was either a 7-0 or 9-0 run that she had herself, and they were not easy shots. That one three she hit off that screen was from about 24 or 25 feet and then the step-back she hits driving on the left baseline were difficult shots.

So we're excited for it, and we're going to enjoy this tonight, though, and then get a plan together and come out on Sunday.

Q. Scott, it's usually said in March it's survive and advance, and you guys live that, it seems. I mean, Boise State and then the Zags. What's it been like for you as a Coach? Is it more fun in the games like that, or would you rather have an easier road to get here?
SCOTT RUECK: That's a great question because we're learning to love these grind it out, crazy finishes that we've been part of. It's almost become a habit, it seems like. I can tell you this coming off -- you were at the Pac-12 tournament. That didn't end the way we had hoped for us, of course. That was a lot to overcome, and to live with those feelings for 15 days before we got to play again, you know, where it's by far the worst loss of the season for us. Everybody else we've lost to is still playing, by the way, this year.

I thought it took us a while just to remember how to play. Then you're playing a team as good as Boise State. And anybody who watched that game can see how dangerous that team is, how gritty and tough and well-coached they are and how skilled they are. So literally, to survive that game, to come from four down with 17 seconds to go and find a way to win it in overtime speaks to the things I said earlier. And that's just the toughness and resilience of this group and their will to win with their backs to the wall and come through and make plays.

Then to turn around and face a Gonzaga team who beat Stanford this year, another 28-4 team, only lost to two teams all season long, that expects to be here, and is so well coached and good. So I thought those were just two great wins. I thought they were signature performances for this team because that's what we've been doing all year. I think it just reiterated who we are, to be honest.

So now we're ready for the next one. But I did think we played more like ourselves against Gonzaga. There was an intensity on both ends of the floor, and I liked seeing how many different people rose in that game. Maddie Washington had one of her best games of the year, and that was something that we couldn't have predicted necessarily before. We'd hoped but couldn't have predicted. So it's a good sign going forward.

Q. Scott, what do you think Louisville's strengths are? And do you guys go into this game considering yourself the underdog?
SCOTT RUECK: Well, I think they have a lot of strengths, actually. Everything points to us being the underdog going into the game, so I'd have to say yes to that.

Asia's unreal. I've been watching her since she was in high school on the circuit. We didn't recruit her, but we were in the same gyms watching. Just a remarkable talent, remarkable competitor, does everything right. I mean, she's what it is. She's what it's about, in my opinion. I love her game, always have. So when you've got a player who has that level of ability, she makes everybody else get better. And she gives so much confidence to that team -- well, everybody else is good too. So it's just a team that can play at different tempos. It's a team that's very versatile. It's a team that can hurt you inside and outside. So they are a 1 seed for a reason.

They're very dangerous. They're outstanding in the open court, and yet they execute well in the quarter court. When you take everything away and there's three seconds on the shot clock, they can throw it to one of the best players in the game, and it's really difficult to keep her from getting a good shot off. So they're extremely dangerous in a lot of ways.

So a great team and a great challenge.

Q. Hey, Scott, last year you go into Knoxville, beat Tennessee. Then you go home, then you go back across the country to Lexington, and you beat Baylor. Can you kind of take us through that Louisville game, your thoughts about what happened in that game.
SCOTT RUECK: Yeah, it was a heck of a journey. This year it's kind of nice that finals were a week earlier, in comparison, or as it relates to the NCAA Tournament. So we didn't have finals this past week. We were on spring break. So we were able to focus a little bit more.

What that team accomplished in those two highly emotional games was incredible. And then we go into Louisville, in Lexington, in front of 6,000, 7,000 people wearing red and going crazy. So it was a home environment for them without a doubt. I thought they rode that emotion very well, and we could not get settled. They did a really nice job on Marie in that game. They were very physical with her, kept her off her spots, and that skewed us just enough to put us on our heels.

Louisville does a great job with pressure. They sense weakness, and any time you demonstrate that, they came after us. They turned us over, got in the open court. We were -- I actually felt good at halftime down eight in that game. I didn't feel like we played great, but then they came out and had just an incredible third quarter. I think they scored 28 points in the third quarter just to separate, and that was the deciding factor. Marie fouled out for the first time in her career on her last game. So it was just one of those days.

Looking back at that film and even this week reflecting on it, I don't think I did a very good job in putting us in position to be successful in that second half, in particular, and it was just one of those games that got away from us. But it's a grind from a 6 seed, I can tell you that, to get to that point with all the travel and just how emotional and draining all those things were. But they were a great team. That's the way that game went.

Q. You mentioned the Pac-12. The Pac-12 has an 11-1 record. UCLA is here. Can you talk about competing, not just for Oregon State, but on behalf of the Pac-12 and the camaraderie maybe you have with Coach Close and some of the other coaches in the Pac-12.
SCOTT RUECK: It's a great group. That's something that's been fun to watch. When I came in -- this is my ninth year at Oregon State. It was the Pac-10 when I first got there. We were known as Tara and the rest basically, so Stanford and everybody else. And I think now this conference is obviously not that. You've had a different champion the last five years. She had won it 14 straight until we won it in '13/'14 -- or '14/'15, I guess was our first.

So to watch everybody elevate and everybody see themselves differently and everybody see that it's possible, not necessarily to win the conference, but to compete nationally. The Pac-12 network came in. Women's basketball, nearly every game, is on TV. Everybody started paying attention to it. And if you weren't really working, you quickly fell to the bottom, and there was a change made.

Now you look across the board, the conference has hired proven head coaches with very few exceptions, and everyone's doing a fantastic job. We're scheduling much better as a conference. We're recruiting much better. We're able to keep West Coast players west. That was not happening a decade ago. And now it doesn't always happen, of course. People have their preferences. But a large majority are staying now because there's so many great options which has just increased the talent level. So you've got a combination of great players and great coaches. And then we beat each other up, like I mentioned a little bit ago, over and over, and there's really nothing we haven't seen to this point. We've seen great players. We've seen great schemes. And so now we're all battle-tested going into the NCAA Tournament.

So I mentioned it at the tournament actually, anybody who is able to get to the postseason is going to be ready, and that's proven true.

Q. Is a 9:30 start helpful to you? I mean, an earlier game would be all right, but the fact is you're still in your natural West Coast working deal, and it could be later if the game goes into overtime.
SCOTT RUECK: 6:30? I'm teasing. It's 6:30 our time when we tip. I mentioned before, I don't put much on those things. I think those become distractions if you give it any kind of credence. So any time, any place. We have to play 11:00 a.m. games sometimes at home. We had to play 8:00 p.m. time. Sometimes we play 8:00 p.m. on a Friday and a noon game on Sunday in the conference with travel in between. So we don't pay much attention to those things.

My goal is, I can tell you, to keep our team on West Coast time this weekend.

Q. Scott, as somebody who's such a great defensive coach, can you evaluate Louisville from that aspect for us? They led the ACC in defense the last two years. A lot of people pay attention to Asia being a great offensive player, but defensively they've been tough, and you can compare them from even last year to this year.
SCOTT RUECK: I think -- I mentioned the word versatile earlier, and I think that's what makes their defense what it is. They can play different styles. They'll give you different looks to keep you off balance. And so you just have to play the game, and you have to be ready for anything. Nothing can throw you off. Maybe they're going to trap you this time. Maybe they'll play position next time. Maybe they'll go to their zone. Maybe they'll pick up in a zone press. Maybe they'll man, full. Maybe they'll trap out of that.

So I think they do a great job of adjusting on the fly, and their defense in general, their mindset is zonish. But like I mentioned, if they sense weakness, the pressure will come. So they have an identity that's defensive, even though they're an outstanding offensive team as well, which is a sign of a great team, my feeling. You've got to identify on both ends of the floor and play multiple ways, and they do a great job of that.

Q. Scott, I know you probably figure control what you can control and not worry about things that are out of your control, but I'll ask this anyway. The NCAA changed this rule a couple years ago that you couldn't have two teams in the same conference play in the same region until a certain point. Texas A&M and Baylor game in 2012, I think was the fourth time they met. With a regional in Portland, would you have minded playing there, potentially seeing Oregon again in the regional finals or semis versus traveling across the country? I would think Portland is pretty close to you guys geographically than flying cross-country.
SCOTT RUECK: Yeah, we're the closest.

I honestly felt that might happen. I thought we'd see Gonzaga in Corvallis if we were able to host, and I wouldn't be surprised to see that at all. I thought maybe we'd both be there. Whatever. It is what it is, and like you said, I can't control it. So wherever we go, we play. So here we are, and so Louisville is next. The next 40 minutes are all I care about.

THE MODERATOR: We'll get started with our student-athletes from Oregon State. I'd like to introduce Katie McWilliams, Destiny Slocum, and Mikayla Pivec.

Q. For all three of you, obviously, the Pac-12 Tournament did not go the way you wanted. Coach said it took you a couple days -- or I think he said 15 days until you played again. How long did it take you guys to sort of get over that and say, okay, you know what, we're still playing. We still have goals to meet. How long did it take you to get over that loss to sort of refocus and get ready for what you've done so far in this tournament?
MIKAYLA PIVEC: It was a disappointing Pac-12 Tournament for us, very short stay. We tried to get over that as quickly as possible because our season wasn't over. At that point, we knew we'd be playing in the NCAA Tournament. We weren't sure if we'd be hosting or if we'd be traveling, but we knew we got to play another game. We were excited about the opportunity.

Obviously, we were, the first couple days after watching the other teams play in the Pac-12 Tournament, disappointed about that, but it was time to refocus on the next step. So we had a couple of days off to kind of refresh, give our bodies a little bit of time off, and then we had a couple of practices together as a team, just our players while our coaches were out recruiting. And then we came in the next week and started full blown into our practices on that Monday.

So it was trying to forget about it as quickly as possible, but then learning from those mistakes we made and getting ready for the next step.

THE MODERATOR: Katie, how long did it take you to regroup?

KATIE MCWILLIAMS: I mean, Mik said most of it, but I will say I thought the Boise State game we were -- we started off well, and then I felt like there was still kind of that rust there, like we weren't maybe the best team that we could have been. And then I felt like we were back together again in that Gonzaga game. We had a great overall game in terms of executing offensively and defensively. I feel like we're that team back again.

THE MODERATOR: Anything to add, Destiny?

DESTINY SLOCUM: Yeah, I just think that the Washington game was over after it happened. There wasn't much we could do about it. There wasn't much we could change. As a team, we talked after, just moving on, and that we had an opportunity, and we still have an opportunity to do something uncommon and continue in the NCAA Tournament, something that not a lot of teams get to do. So I think right away we had to be on to the next. There's not an option, and it's what's carried us through the last two games.

Q. Katie, I'll ask you this. To lose Kat so early, right there at the start of the Pac-12 season, you guys kind of had to just regroup emotionally. Could you just go through how you guys dealt with it and then just what sort of an inspiration she's been just being on the bench and helping you.
KATIE MCWILLIAMS: You know, that's something you never want to happen to any player, but we've all had to step up in our roles. And that's what Coach Scott said right away, the next day after it happened, that just everyone's going to have to rise for this team.

Obviously, Kat was such a big part of our team. I mean, one of our top scorers and lights out from the three-point line. So even though she's been hurt and been going through that recovery process, she's been such an energy booster off the bench. I mean, you can see her on the sidelines just going crazy after we make shots. She's just very competitive. So she kind of brings her competitive spirit into us.

So just a great teammate and someone that -- I see her doing her recovery routines, and I just know she's working really hard, and I just know she's going to be back better than she was.

Q. A question for Mik and Katie, and then a question for you, Destiny. The question for you guys, what's it going to be like to have this rematch with Louisville? And for you, Destiny, what's it going to be like to play in your first Sweet 16 with Oregon State?
MIKAYLA PIVEC: We're excited about this opportunity against Louisville that we'll be playing tomorrow. They ended our season last year, ended Marie Gulich's career. They're a very talented team, we know that, and we'll be excited for the opportunity tomorrow.

KATIE MCWILLIAMS: I just know I'm happy to still be playing. Just to be here at the Sweet 16 and to get another try against Louisville is just an exciting opportunity for us.

DESTINY SLOCUM: I'm excited to be a part of the journey this time. Last time I was watching from home. Everything that they were doing was awesome. I'm happy that I can be here with them and continue the journey.

THE MODERATOR: Mik, your coach talked about the competitiveness of the Pac-12. Could you speak to that and how it's prepared you for this tournament?

MIKAYLA PIVEC: Shout out to the Pac-12, five teams in the Sweet 16. It's awesome. We're always rooting for the Pac-12 teams when we're not playing them ourselves. Pac-12 play has really prepared us well for this tournament, seeing a whole bunch of different styles of play, seeing teams that are super athletic and disciplined, teams that can really shoot it, teams that are super athletic. So it's prepared us pretty much for any team we'll see in this tournament, and we're excited for the next step.

Q. Along those lines, do you guys text other players like on the other Pac-12 teams and say, hey, great job. Congrats on advancing and still playing. I'm sure you have friends on other teams. Is that something that goes along with it? The coaches have all been saying, it's great. We all tell each other we support each other in that way. I see you support the other schools. Is it just rah rah, or do you have friends and you say great job. Maybe we'll see you guys in the Final Four?
KATIE MCWILLIAMS: I don't really necessarily talk to anybody specifically on a personal level in the Pac-12. But I know that on Twitter we've just been congratulating them as a whole, just as a Pac-12, as the conference as being so tough and for all those teams making it this far.

DESTINY SLOCUM: Yeah, same.

MIKAYLA PIVEC: I don't personally text other people on other teams. I know when I watching their game, I'm rooting for them. We played a game at Gill Coliseum and they were showing the highlights on the board of updates of the scores, and UCLA beat Maryland, and all of the Gill fans started clapping and cheering for each other.

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you. Good luck to you tomorrow.

MIKAYLA PIVEC: Thank you. Go Beavs!

Q. Jeff, first part of the question is did Magic Johnson call you yet?
JEFF WALZ: Not yet.

Q. And the second part is we joke about it, but is it distracting?
JEFF WALZ: No.

Q. This time and all that stuff going on out there?
JEFF WALZ: It happens every March. It's the same thing -- Samantha Williams was just named the head coach at Eastern Kentucky, and I can't tell you how excited I am for her. Our players are excited for her. And I'm getting e-mails and text messages. Our fan base is fantastic. We have some very passionate fans. They're like why are you doing this now? It's distracting the team.

And I joke with our players all the time. I'm like, guys, you can solve this if you just suck. If you don't win games, nobody will hire any of my assistants, and you won't ever have to worry about my name coming up for anything. If we're 3-21, I promise you this is not a discussion. So I tell them, even when Cam Newbauer was here with us for one year in 2013, we make that Final Four round and get to the championship, and Cam gets a job at Belmont. The kids were sad. He was only with us for a year. As an assistant, I wanted a chance to be a head coach one day. That's what I wanted to do, and I've told everybody on my staff, if that's your goal, we're going to do everything we can to get you that job.

You know, Cam was one, I'll tell you, after a year, he's like, gosh, I just don't feel like it's right. I'm like, Cam, if we can get you the job you want, let's get it. With Eastern Kentucky, when that opportunity came up, Sam Williams was like, okay, let's go after it. Why are they announcing it now? Well, they had an opening, and Sam is the one they wanted. It's not a distraction to our team. Our players were excited for her.

And this comes up every March. Names are thrown out. Cori's name is in the mix. Scott Rueck's name is in the mix. You might as well put Geno's name in it, and have all four from this region. It's just what happens.

So, no, our kids are fired up. They're excited to play. We know what's at stake. We've been through this. We know everybody playing right now is really good. You've got to give them your full attention, and you've got to be dialed in, and I know these young women are.

Q. When you watch video of Oregon State, what do you see from Mikayla Pivec, and specifically, the intangibles?
JEFF WALZ: She's really good. She plays so hard. She's one of those players that, as you continue to watch on film, you know, her stats are good. But I think it's everything that you don't see on the stat sheet is what she does. She's diving on the floor after loose balls. She's getting her hand on a pass. She's always in there mixing it up for a rebound. She comes up with big plays. That's what really impresses me about her. We've talked about her as a staff as well as everybody on that team. She is one for sure that really stands out just because of the energy level that she plays with.

Coaching the game, the Xs and Os part, everybody, I think, can do that with players, but finding players that will just play hard and have a motor that doesn't stop is what's really hard to find. And she is one of those. I've really, really been impressed with her.

Q. UConn's been the No. 1 seed for 12 years in the East. And here you are, you're the No. 1 seed. Are you surprised that you're the No. 1 seed?
JEFF WALZ: I mean, no. Should I be? We're 31 and whatever going into it. I thought our kids have worked extremely hard, have played well. I'm not even sure we were the fourth number 1. If you look at what everybody had done, I thought we were right there. And at the same time, we got beat pretty handily in the ACC Championship game. There's no question about it. When you're without two starters, your starting point guard, we find out a half hour before the game she's not going to play, and then Sam Fuehring plays for 12 minutes. I can promise you, when you're playing Notre Dame, you'd better be at full strength. You aren't going to beat them with two or three starters out. They score the basketball too well.

And then after that game, I figured we'd be coming here to Albany as a 1 or a 2, and what's it really matter? It really has no bearing on anything. But I did feel pretty confident, I think my staff can tell you, that we were coming up here. Now you've just got to show up and play. It doesn't matter what seed you are. When you get to this time of year, when you get to the Sweet 16 -- I've said it since my first year. When you get to the Sweet 16, anything can happen. It's not the best team that's always going to win, it's the team that plays the best that night. And then a few breaks here and there. Ball goes off of your foot out of bounds, but they give the ball back to you. You know, anything. It's what it comes down to.

I go back to '13. If we played Baylor 100 times, that may have been the one time we beat them. All you've got to do is beat somebody one night, one game. So the 1 and 2 seed to me really doesn't matter, but, no, I was not surprised. Michelle may have been, but I wasn't (laughter).

Q. Oregon State's played a couple of the tournament games really close down to the wire, a couple ones later in the season. What have you noticed they've done to be able to kind of pull those out?
JEFF WALZ: They scored more points. And it's one thing -- we talk about it as a staff on film. It's one thing, they don't panic, they just continue to do what they do. It's really impressive because they have had a few ball games, and I think everybody was like, oh, look, they're about to get upset, and then when the clock expires, they've won. I think they went on a 20-0 run against Utah earlier this year to win the game. They just continue to do what they do. Scott's done a remarkable job with them the past several years, and they believe in what they're doing. That's what good teams do.

He's just got a great group that believes in what they do as individuals and as a team.

Q. I do want to go on the record saying I think you guys would have beaten Baylor more than once if you played them a hundred times in 2013. But you beat them the time that counted, right?
JEFF WALZ: That's right.

Q. I don't think any of your teams were on the all-ACC Defensive Team, and yet this is, I think, one of the better defensive teams you've had, and we saw this in the first couple rounds. Do you think that's because you play such good team defense that not one person stands out?
JEFF WALZ: This is back-to-back years we've led the ACC in defense and points allowed per game in either year. Neither have we had a player on the All-Defensive Team. I think that's because we do play such good defense. There's not one person that's leading the conference in steals.

Now, Sam Fuehring, last year I was a little bit surprised. She might have led the country in charges taken. I think she had 70-something throughout a season. It's pretty remarkable. I think she had 8 in our first game when we played at Ohio State. But, yeah, it's a group that takes pride in it. Like it was really neat because we're sitting there playing in that second round game, and our goal is to try to hold people under 50, and we gave up a 50 towards the end, and the kids were like, oh, gosh. And I'm going, you know what, it's pretty nice when you've got a group of players that, even though you're going to win the game, you know you're up, they still are taking pride in trying to get stops.

Q. What's Carter's health status right now for you guys? And in your beginning statement, you talked about everyone, I think, getting better. The one name you didn't mention is Asia, and obviously she's very good.
JEFF WALZ: She's been bad all year (laughter).

Q. I figured as much. But what she's brought to you guys in the season and her career so far?
JEFF WALZ: Arica's a competitor. I don't even ask her half the time because I know what the answer is I'm going to get -- I'm fine. I'm fine. She'll go today. I asked her, hey, are you practicing today? She's like yeah. I said okay. And then she'll play tomorrow. Is she 100 percent? I don't know if she's at 100 percent, but she'll never tell me.

The one thing that we have a good enough relationship is like, hey, you just have to tell me if you can't go. I'm not going to put you out there if there's any chance that you're going to get injured. So you've got to be up front and honest with me on that. That's one -- she came to me in ACC finals, and she was like, Coach, I can't do. And I knew that, okay, if she's telling me that, she's really hurting. And then she could have played in the first round game, but I thought, if we could afford to give her an extra day and a half rest, it would only benefit her, and it did. She says she's ready to go for tomorrow night.

And then Asia, you know, it speaks for itself. She just -- she's fun to coach. She's fun to work with. She's just a kid that gets in the gym and loves what she does. There's a handful that you can truly say, hey, this is what they want to do. Asia wants to be a professional basketball player. On top of that, she was our ACC Scholar-Athlete of the Year. So not only does she want to be a professional basketball player, but she's taking care of business in the classroom as well. She's the last one out of the gym. She's in the gym before practice. She just loves -- she loves the game.

Q. Real quick, just wanted to ask you a little bit more about Asia. This time of year, we've talked a lot this season about how much she helps her teammates, but what does she do to help her teammates this year especially?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I think you just go back to that second round matchup against Michigan. She's got the first two assists in the game. She's really developed. She's gotten better and better through her four years. And what I challenged her with last year in the off-season was becoming that player that can read when you're getting doubled or someone that's sending the blitz at you, being able to get off the ball at the right time. And I thought that Michigan game -- you know, she came off two ball screens, and they attacked her, and she makes the right read. Now all of a sudden, it's two assists. As a coach, if you're on the other side, it's like, God, what do I do now?

So she's been doing a great job of getting her teammates involved. She knows the pass to make. She knows where they're supposed to be. But then at the same time, she understands when she's got to put the ball in the basket. She's got to be aggressive for us tomorrow night. She was aggressive against Michigan. That's what we're going to need in order for us to continue to have a chance to win.

Q. For DD and Kiara, for this being your last game what did this game mean to you and what does it mean to wrap up your career here at N.C. State?
KIARA LESLIE: I have to thank Coach for allowing me to come here and finish out my college career. I think that we didn't play the way we wanted to today, but they played hard for us. I personally take some of the blame for us starting off a little bit slow but I'm thankful for the way that we finished this year.

DD ROGERS: Yes, like Kiara said, I'm very happy with how our year went this year. I wish the outcome of this game would have been different, but I wouldn't rather have, you know, done it beside the people that I did it with.

Q. Guarding a player like Megan, she's so physical and does so much in the post, as a true freshman, what did you learn playing against a player like that who is a senior who has done so much and plays with such a physical style of basketball?
ELISSA CUNANE: I think she kept her composure very well on the court, and she just scored a lot around the basket, but she also had the outside shot. So I think just her style of play, and she was directing her players and leadership on the court is something I can learn from.

Q. The saying goes, leave something in better shape than when you got it. Do you feel you've done that with this program in your four years in.
DD ROGERS: Well, I do believe the program has gone up since I've been here, not necessarily in I wouldn't say talent or players on the team. I think we've been capable to do it. People just stepped up and wanted to go as far as they could this year and we made it happen.

Q. Kiara, you guys as a team this year had to go through a lot of adversity, the four injuries, but it's still a Sweet 16 trip. What did you learn and how have you guys grown true all that?
KIARA LESLIE: We just stuck together and played for one another each and every night. I think that's what helped us get this far and throughout the season.

Q. Thank you for an amazing season for the ACC. Can you speak to your success in recruiting the State of North Carolina?
COACH WES MOORE: Yeah, we've been very blessed in that regard. I think, you know, we had four of our five starters were from North Carolina, and we're proud of that. I think those kids, maybe it means a little more to them.

But also, there's a lot of talent in the state. There's a lot of very good coaches that refine that talent for us, we're very blessed. Obviously those three ladies are all North Carolina products. Couldn't be prouder of the whole team.

I was really disappointed in the first half or if we were nervous or just what, but we weren't ourselves. There's been very few times I have been disappointed, especially with all they have been through. I told them in the locker room, there's times before a game -- I probably shouldn't say this -- there's times before a game, introductions or whatever, I'm almost moved to tears because as good of players they are just as good of people.

Q. You mentioned, your down 13 to start the third quarter and you had a 12-6 run. Was that a product of adjustments you made at halftime, or just shots going in the third quarter that didn't go in the first half?
COACH WES MOORE: At this time of year you really struggle with, do you go with what you've done all year or do you try some new things. Obviously we started the game in our normal defense and we just felt like we couldn't match up very well on the block, and Elissa was getting in foul trouble and so we decided to try to get in front and we had spent quite a bit of time trying to deny the high post and pressure the ball. If you're going to front, you have got to have pressure on the ball and make it tough for them to pass, and we didn't do a good job of that.

But I agree, I thought we did turn them over a few times doing that; that maybe took them a minute to adjust. I thought we turned them over, made the run. And then like I said, it just seems like there was about five possessions where we had a couple of wide open threes, we missed a layup, and, you know, you just think if we hit a few of those shots, it puts a little pressure on Iowa and gets the crowd into it a little bit.

I would have liked to have seen what we could have done, but that happens and you've got to give them credit. They shot the heck out of it from three, and that's what you've got to hope doesn't happen when you're playing them because you're going to have to give something up. You've got to pick your poison, and they made us pay.

Q. Your thoughts on this season as a whole, and where the program's going.
COACH WES MOORE: Yeah, I think the whole body of work, you have to be really proud of these players and all they have been through. They could have -- you know, they could have really hung their heads and got down four different occasions, when you had some key players go out, and they didn't.

You know, maybe they mourned a little bit for a day or two but they bounced right back and kept coming. I'm proud of that. As far as our program goes, and what's what we owe a lot to these seniors, we had our best recruiting class this past year coming in in the fall. I think ESPN ranked it Top-10, and now back-to-back Sweet 16s, we're getting in homes that we weren't able to get in a few years ago. We're excited about where we're headed and we owe that to the players up here.

Hopefully we can build on what they have helped happen here.

Q. Elissa had a great game today, double-double, really seemed to be really composed going up against the Player of the Year.
COACH WES MOORE: Yeah.

Q. What did you think about her performance and her growth this year?
COACH WES MOORE: Yeah, you know, again, you know, it was a physical game, so she didn't probably finish as many as she would have liked around the bucket, but what an awesome future she has ahead of her, and hopefully this is an experience that will help her down the road.

You know, again, another one that's just an unbelievable person, and we're excited. Always got a smile on her face. We're excited about having her around and hopefully we can do like Iowa's done, build something special around a special player.

Q. You obviously are really proud of everything you've built here and excited about the future, so have you committed to coming back to N.C. State next year?
COACH WES MOORE: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm very blessed to be at N.C. State. Again, I like where we're headed.


THE MODERATOR: Ladies, first of all, welcome. Thank you for being here.

Q. Asia, Coach said that it's not distracting to you guys when rumors come out about coaches. Obviously, Sam got the new job at a school already. Is he right? You guys see social media, I'm sure. Is it distracting when you see your coach being listed as potential candidates for other coaches, and in the past other coaches from Louisville getting offers from other colleges?
ASIA DURR: He's right, yeah. That's not really a distraction for us. I don't know why. People ask like why don't you let it bother you? I'm just like we just don't. We're here to play ball. We're not really worried about what's on Twitter, Snapchat, all that type of stuff. We're here to play ball.

Q. For Asia and Sam, you guys played Oregon State last year, and I know it was a tough first half. What were you able to do in that second half to pull away from them. And do you expect a similar type of game in the first half against them this year?
ASIA DURR: It's going to be a dogfight. It sure will be. They're going to come out on fire. They're going to come out with a bad taste in their mouth from last year. So it's going to be a challenge for us. We're going to get their best shot, so we have to be prepared for that and play our game as well.

SAM FUEHRING: I think they're going to be fired up because of last year's game, but, yeah, we're just going to attack them like we did last year. And to add on to what Asia said, we had a fire start. We were all together with that, and we're going to try that again and hopefully keep that throughout the entire game.

Q. This is for Sam and for Arica. Obviously, the ACC final was kind of tough. Arica, you weren't able to play, and, Sam, you got hurt during that game. Jeff said afterwards, we kind of just need to regroup a little, get people healthy. Can you just talk about what those two weeks were like and how well you were able to play in the first round and just getting that bouncing back after that ACC final.
SAM FUEHRING: I feel like those two weeks -- well, a week because I took a week off. But I mean, the trainers and the staff, they were all hitting my phone, all calling me. It was like treatment in the morning and like treatment after practice and then treatment later that night. So it was like three times a day type of treatment. There was times -- I mean, A.C. was in the training room with me, and I was like, I have to do treatment again? It was just so much. But I understand it now because of how fast I got back, so I'm appreciative of that.

ARICA CARTER: I think we just did a great job of focusing on making sure that we were doing everything right to get healthy. I mean, me and Sam were sharing a Game Ready at home to make sure we were continuing to ice our areas.

SAM FUEHRING: And not to mention she stole the ice from my freezer to use it.

ARICA CARTER: It's okay. We're a team. We did it together (laughter). We just made -- our staff and our teammates were making sure we're okay and doing the things we need to do to get back because, when we're a complete team, we're hard to stop.

Q. Sort of piggy-backing on Michelle's question, Arica, Coach said that discussing whether you want to play or not, whether you're healthy or not, and your answer is usually I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine. But he said before the ACC Tournament final game, you said, I can't go now. I can't. How do you feel now, having a little time off, where you are physically for this weekend?
ARICA CARTER: I'm excited. Like I said before, I've been doing everything with treatment that I can do to make sure I'm ready for today. I'm not 100 percent, but I'm going to find a way to go. My teammates are always there for me, and my coaches know, if I can't go, then I really can't go. But I'm doing treatment every day, like Sam said, three times a day. So I feel like I'm going to be ready for the tournament.

Q. Sam, I asked Jeff about this. I think he said you guys the last two years haven't had an all-ACC defender or on the All-ACC Defensive Team, and yet you've been the best defensive team. He credits that a lot to just the team defense. Can you talk about that and also talk about your personal fearlessness in terms of taking charges?
SAM FUEHRING: I mean, I'm willing to give my body up for the team no matter what. As for the defensive stuff, I don't really care about the awards. I don't know if you guys do.

ASIA DURR: No, not at all.

SAM FUEHRING: We work together well as a defensive team, offensive too. But like, say somebody gets beat, we're having their back, and we're going to help them too. That's what makes us a great defensive team. They can't give a single award to everybody on the team. So that's not going to happen. But I think we're the best defensive team, so we don't need an award to show that.

THE MODERATOR: Asia, do you have anything to add on the team's defense?

ASIA DURR: Sam hit that all. She hit the jackpot on that.

SAM FUEHRING: Money, money.

ASIA DURR: Y'all like that, huh?

THE MODERATOR: Any questions for your teammates?

ASIA DURR: I have a joke to tell. Mykasa, my teammate, told me to tell you. What does a blanket falling say?

Oh, sheet.

THE MODERATOR: With that, we'll thank our student-athletes, thank them for their time, and wish them good luck.

Q. Coach, Chennedy had 30-point game last game against Marquette, but one thing that stood out was not even her shooting but her passing for the game-winning shot. How does that show your versatility?
GARY BLAIR: Her versatility, plus the nine rebounds she got in the ballgame. That's what's making her a complete player. Her defense was outstanding in that ballgame. We didn't talk about defense last year with her. That wasn't very pretty. But defense, when she's hooked up and playing it well, and Coach Starkey's system is very good. Her passing ability, she enjoys the pass as much as the score.

Being in Chicago, y'all should understand what a good pass is, when Michael Jordan passed it to Steve Kerr and hit the shot. Great players will do that. Players with an eye in their forehead would have shot the ball themselves, but she trusted our little point guard who had only had 11 threes the whole year, but she was two out of three in that particular ball game. She trusted her, and it worked out. So give both of them a lot of credit.

Q. Gary, you when you look at Notre Dame lost to North Carolina in Miami, were there any common denominators in those games that helped the fact that Notre Dame last those games?
GARY BLAIR: They were both on the road. The road is an equalizer. It doesn't matter who you're playing. Things happen on the road. That's all you've got to do is look at sometimes the betting lines in the NBA games, and you say, my God, how can that be right? They're on the road.

Miami is a very good ballclub. North Carolina has been a pretty good ballclub in the past, and at certain times this year, but Miami is a very good ballclub.

Sometimes you think your team is ready, and all of a sudden you face somebody and the other team gets some momentum going, and that's why you try to stop that, particularly in the NCAA Tournament. There's not as many upsets in the NCAA Tournament as there used to be. I think both on the men's side and the women's side.

Now, there's always -- I think there's four in the Sweet 16 here on the women's side that were upsets, and I don't think you're going to see much more. Those top seven or eight teams that are on the women's side, they've done it all year long. And the coaches are too good and the tradition is too good. You're really going to have to have your A game if you're going to be able to upset one of those top seven.

We're glad to be here. It's going to be a good tournament, and you've got four possible winners, not just one here.

Q. Chennedy, you had a 30-point game the other night against Marquette. Obviously the one play that stood out was that pass late in the game for the game winner. Gary was talking about how your versatility has been on another level and how your defense has improved. Talk to me about how that's been the case this season.
CHENNEDY CARTER: The pass or defense?

Q. Defense, sorry.
CHENNEDY CARTER: It's just one of the things I'm starting to take pride in. Coach Starkey emphasizes a lot of things on defense, and I really just try to set the tone for my team, and they just get out there and try and guard the best player and get stops.

Q. Chennedy, just what does it mean to get another crack at Notre Dame?
CHENNEDY CARTER: It means a lot. Bittersweet end to last year. Didn't really accomplish the things we wanted to. But for us all to get another chance, and me to really get out there and be with my teammates, I'm really excited. Notre Dame is a great team filled with a bunch of great guards, so I'm ready to test my game, and I'm sure my teammates are ready to play, as well.

Q. Kind of along those lines, is there kind of an extra chip on your shoulder from last year and just getting the chance to knock off the team that beat you?
CHENNEDY CARTER: For me?

Q. Yeah, for all three.
CHENNEDY CARTER: No, not necessarily. I see the growth in our team, and I'm just really ready to play. I don't feel like it's a revenge game, I don't feel like it's anything like that. It's me competing to get to the Elite Eight. And Notre Dame is in our way, and the biggest thing for me is to make sure our team is ready to go out there and play.

CIERA JOHNSON: I guess just we have nothing to lose in this situation. There's really no pressure on us because no one expects us to do anything, so we're just -- it's another game for us, and we're playing a very great Notre Dame team, so we've just got to come out, play hard and play together, and we'll be all right.

KAYLA WELLS: Just to piggyback on what Ciera just said, just the same thing. We just need to go out there, just play hard and play together and follow our game plan.

Q. A couple days ago football coach Jimbo Fisher gave you guys a motivational speech. What were some of the things you were able to take away from that going into the game tomorrow?
CHENNEDY CARTER: The biggest thing I took away was just to be tough. When you're on the road and things are most likely not in your favor, you have to be tough and you have to have determination and push through tough times.

I know when we play Notre Dame, we'll face a lot of adversity. There will be runs. They'll go up, we'll go up. It'll probably come down to the last minute of the game. And he just said you have to have grit, determination and push-through. That's the biggest thing I took away from that.

CIERA JOHNSON: I took away he said do your job. And I think that's the key in basketball. Everyone needs to know their role and just go out -- Kayla might be scoring, so the rest of us need to find a way to get her the ball, grab offensive rebounds. So it's not always about scoring but what's your role on the team.

KAYLA WELLS: He said that we shouldn't go out there -- we shouldn't play to win, we should just play, just play hard. Don't worry about winning because in big games like this, if you worry about winning, that's when you start to choke, that's when you start to mess up. So we just need to worry about playing at this point.

Q. Ciera, talk about going against Shepard. Does she remind you of anyone, and what's going to be the key there?
CIERA JOHNSON: She's her own player. She's very good. She's very quick. Offensively she has a nice face-up game. She's very physical. I've been watching film of her. So she's very good. I think she's her own player in her own right. I don't think I will be guarding a player like her like I have in the SEC. But I credit her, she's very good. Very good.

Q. Kind of a coincidence that Kelly scheduled a trip to your place, you happen to face him here. Obviously you knew they were pretty good when they came to town, but what has it been like having to face them again in the Sweet 16?
AARON JOHNSTON: Yeah, it's certainly a neutral site, but they're going to have a pretty heavy Oregon Duck population here. We come back to Oregon next year to play, so yeah, three times in less than 12 months against the Ducks. That's a tall task for us.

Known Kelly for a while. Played him when he was at Gonzaga. Always done great things. This team they have right now is on a really, really good path, certainly one of the elite teams in the country, not just in this region, but one of the elite teams in the country.

It was fun to have them in Brookings. We played well in that game, not quite well enough. Their offensive firepower was a little too much for us in that game. We'll have to try to find ways to slow them down. It was a great experience for us. Playing teams like that throughout the last several years has I think really helped us get to this point and feel like we at least can put some things together to have a good plan going into this.

Q. Not that you needed a confidence boost, but those two games in Syracuse, what did it do for your team and program going into this round of 16? Do you see a little extra pep in the players?
AARON JOHNSTON: Well, I think so. We've been to the tournament a lot, so obviously first time into this part of the tournament. We've been to the tournament a lot. I felt like the team was really comfortable going out there. Knew what to expect, have an idea of all the extras that go into it.

I think the difference in that first, second round, both of those games compared to some of our previous times in the tournament, we made plays at critical times. Last year we lose an overtime game to Villanova. Could have gone either way with a couple of baskets or stops.

I think the Quinnipiac game, we had it under control, they made a run. We made just a couple of plays there late to pull away.

Syracuse, that game was back and forth, had us down double-digits in the first half, second quarter. We had a good lead going into the fourth. Right away they got control again. But we made a good push at the end.

I think the difference between this year and past years, we're just making plays at the right time. A lot of that goes to our seniors as a group. Syd Palmer, obviously Macy and Madi have huge roles that they play. They were a big part of both of those games.

Comparing where we are now to past years, just that confidence to make those big shots in big moments. I think that's what tournament games come down to.

It was fun to see our team respond really well in those games.

Q. You mentioned cross-country trip, laundry stop. They've only had to drive a hundred miles up the road. Talk a little bit about the disadvantage of your travel schedule. They're talking about a crowd of 11 to 12 thousand. How do you feel about that? How do you think your players will respond in that kind of atmosphere?
AARON JOHNSTON: As far as them playing close to home, they've earned the right to do that. That's a great thing. The way our tournament is set up aspires to be able to do that. We have no problems with that at all. That's how it is for every team in the tournament. They've had the kind of year that gives them that right or that chance. I think that's a great thing.

As far as the crowd for tomorrow, we're excited about that. It will be a big crowd. We play in front of a lot of big crowds, nothing that large, but quite a few big crowds. I know people in this area would follow that Oregon-Oregon State rivalry closely. That's a heated thing. We have some of those rivalries back home where it matters, where women's basketball really matters on that stage on that day. People follow those things closely and passionately.

We feel like we'll be on the other side of that in that game. That's a good thing, though, too. We want to be in an event where it is followed. You don't want to get to this point and play in a half-filled arena. So we're excited about that. I think that will be a good thing for both teams.

Q. A lot has changed since December 12th when you last met them. How has your team grown since then?
AARON JOHNSTON: You go back and watch that film, after four or five minutes of watching it, we're not even the same team. Then after watching them, I thought they're not the same team either. They're better than they were on that day. Both teams have really grown, kind of figured out how they're going to play in tough moments, how they're going to try to stop certain offenses, defenses. I think both teams have really changed and grown.

The key players are still the key players. You have to try to control them, slow them down. They'll have to do that with us.

For us in particular, Madi and Macy were both very good in that game. People would expect that. Since then, I think Myah has grown as a player. Tylee Irwin has grown as a player. So has Tagyn Larson. Other three starters for us, watching them in November and December compared to where they are in March, just a huge difference in their confidence level.

Paiton Burckhard was a freshman then, trying to figure things out, playing against a top team in the country. Now she looks a lot more comfortable and settled.

I'd say the biggest thing for us is how players have developed since then, particularly that group outside of our senior class. I think they've really come a long way and they're a big part of why we've gone this far.

Q. Can you expand a little bit with Paiton. She's nine of ten from the field in two games as a freshman in the NCAA tournament. More than impressive.
AARON JOHNSTON: Yeah, she has been in a ton of big games in high school. I know it's a whole different stage, I'm not comparing. She's used to pressure, she's used to expectations. She just seems to play with such poise and calmness.

You mentioned her field goal percentage. She made shots. She doesn't take shots she's not supposed to or tough ones. She takes the ones that are great shots and she makes them. She also had some really good passes in both of those games, key passes. One of the threes that Madi hit in the Syracuse game came from Paiton. It was a tough zone, tough angle, tough pass. Calmly put it on the money and Madi obviously made the three.

She's defending a position where sometimes she's a little undersized, she plays a five for us. She's rebounding really well, handling that part of it. Her composure has been exceptional.

If you get to know Paiton, you would expect that because she's such a levelheaded, calm, comfortable person away from basketball, I think that really translates on the court.

Yeah, she played as well as anybody in those minutes she gave us in New York. It was a big part of why we got it done.

Q. Did you try to recruit Kianna Ibis? What do you remember about her at all when she was living in South Dakota?
AARON JOHNSTON: Yeah, we did. She would have been moved down to Nebraska when she really got into it and going. She was a really good player. We absolutely did. Yeah, we would have loved to see her in yellow and blue.

She's had a great career at Arizona State. She's a big part of what makes that team go. Her versatility is exceptional. She can be inside, outside. Left hand is tough for people to sit on.

Yeah, no, we were really aware of her, family ties to South Dakota for sure.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thank you very much. Good luck tomorrow against Oregon.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. You referred to the game in Cancun. ASU has essentially the same team back. Back to that game, what did you learn about ASU from that game?
VIC SCHAEFER: They, like -- their five has started 60 games together in a row. She has a heck of a team. Their chemistry, you can tell watching them play, it's really good.

That always concerns you when you play a team like that that's played together for so long. Their chemistry is good, they have a feel for each other, they know where each other is going to be. They know in certain situations maybe when something is taken away, they know what the counter is. It's an instinctual thing.

I think back to that game in the islands, it was like every other game I played against Charli's teams. They're tough, physical, aggressive, they rebound at an incredibly high level. Execution, I mean, you talk about an offensive team now that will just out-execute you. They're very impressive on that end of the floor, in my mind.

Defensively we're going to have to really be solid for a long time. Lots of teams will quick shoot you, take the first available. This team is going to get the shot they want at the time they want it.

Thinking back to that game we played a year ago, unlike any of the others. They're just a tough, physical, aggressive basketball team, and well-coached, obviously.

Q. Speaking on the chemistry piece, where do you feel like your team is in that regards? At this point in the year, you felt like Anriel and Teaira were starting to mesh well together. Your whole unit, what you're bringing off the bench, how well are they playing together?
VIC SCHAEFER: I think it's getting better and better. I walked out of our defensive practice this morning at Portland State feeling like that may be the best 30 minutes of practice we've had in a long time. It was because of our chemistry, communication, things like that.

It's getting better, to answer your question. That's the thing with this team, we've got so many new moving parts that it just takes a while. Especially on the defensive end, that's the piece that really is late usually coming. I'm hopeful that we'll continue to work and get better.

I do think we're getting better, though.

Q. Probably prematurely I'll ask you about coming to Portland at the selection show, now that you're here, what are you expecting the fan turnout to be like?
VIC SCHAEFER: Just like anywhere we travel. I think Bulldogs from all over, within driving distance, will be here. This team, our program, has become a real identity for Mississippi State. I'm very proud of that.

Our kids really relish that. They embrace it. They understand the responsibility that comes with it. So I expect us to have a great crowd here, to be honest with you. We've had a lot of fans everywhere we've been. When we were out here in December, we had a lot of fans at the Washington game.

I would expect us to have a good turnout out here.

Q. Obviously you guys have had some pretty commanding victories in the tournament so far. Have there been any moments when you felt like your team was truly challenged just in the games that have happened to this point?
VIC SCHAEFER: Oh, sure. I mean, Clemson's really good. If you're just talking about the NCAA tournament, Clemson was really good. We had one little stretch there in that first quarter where we were able to separate ourselves. We played really good defensively in the first half. That's the first team that comes to mind.

If you want to go back even into the SEC tournament, all those games, to me we're down I think five or six to Tennessee in the first round. Missouri was a knock-down, drag-out. Arkansas. All those games were at some point we had to really play well to separate ourselves.

I think you have to give our kids a little credit in that we were able to do that, find another level, then at the same time we know that every game, we've got to play well, people are coming for us.

The thing with this team is we've led from the front all year. They were picked first. It is so hard to lead from there. It's so easy when you're picked fourth to finish third, second or first. It takes the pressure off. But when they pick you first, that is a challenge for any team, I don't care if you're talking about professional or college. To be able to do that I think is really special. It says a lot about our kids.

That being said, we've certainly been challenged all throughout the year. I think any of the games you see where we may have won with a little bit of a cushion just I think speaks to maybe one run during a game where you were able to get away.

We played Tennessee in the regular season, and it was tied late in the third quarter before we separated ourselves and ended up winning that game. Every game comes down to a run usually.

Q. What is the matchup like for T in this game in the paint?
VIC SCHAEFER: She's going to go against a couple kids that really play hard. They're going to defend her at a really high energy level. They're going to be physical with her. They're able to match her physical capabilities. You might look at them and go, They're not 6'7", they might not seem as big. Trust me, they are physically capable of handling her. We've seen it before. They're going to really try to do that, use their quickness and athleticism, which they have.

It's an intriguing matchup, for sure.

Q. On the topic of T, she's played a lot of really good basketball in her career, a lot of that has come in the NCAA tournament. Aside from just being physically imposing, what is it about T that has allowed her to do that?
VIC SCHAEFER: Well, when you get to this time of year, your go-to players really have to perform. You have to give her credit for her focus. I call it, as you know, her interest level. Seems like this time of year she really gets interested and really gets focused. She's been that way now for about a month, ever since the Valentine's Day massacre, as I call it, when we got beat by Missouri at home. She has really locked in.

I think she learned in this game, she learned something. That says a lot about her. I know Johnnie spent some time with her watching film, Coach Harris. She realized some things she just can't do.

But for this time of year, you're absolutely right, starting back to her sophomore year, I'll even go back to her freshman year, she was about the only one that we had on the team that didn't look scared at Connecticut when we got beat in the Sweet 16 up there.

She's a competitor. She understands the importance of this time of year. Nobody did it better last year. I mean, she averaged 20-something rebounds a game in the NCAA tournament. That's crazy against the competition that we played against.

Q. You have a common opponent in Oregon. Is there anything you've learned particularly because you played Oregon, studying ASU games against Oregon?
VIC SCHAEFER: When I watched that game, I was strictly looking at Arizona State. I certainly wouldn't want to tip my hat on anything that I learned from them other than you learn in watching those two teams play how competitive both of them are. Obviously Arizona State had a chance to win both games. That's very impressive from my standpoint.

Obviously playing Oregon, I've played them now three straight years, have a great deal of respect for Kelly and his program and those players, know how good they are. To see Arizona State compete with them, play them down to the last possession really in both games, is quite impressive.

Coach Turner Thorne and her team, they have our undivided attention. We know how good they are. She is a tremendous coach, her staff is tremendous, her players are tremendous, we understand what's in front of us. We're going to have to play awfully well tomorrow night.

Q. When Chloe went down, obviously Andra had to come in and step up. Seems like it's been a seamless transition, now she's performing here in the NCAA tournament. How confident are you in her if she needs to step up? If her number is called, how confident are you that she can be the one to get it done?
VIC SCHAEFER: Well, I'm very confident. I'm confident in all of our team. I think 1 through 10 on our bench has played some big minutes for us throughout the course of the season.

Andra has played and had some big games for us. I think what she's doing right now, people realize in a scouting report is you better not lose her. She's very similar in that regard to Blair. You better not lose her, she'll make you pay. She's shooting the ball at a very high level. She allows you to stretch the floor a little bit and create spacing for your other players.

I think it's really important in our offense that she's able to do that. Defensively she's gotten better. She tries on that end. That's all I can ask. I just want to see kids try. I want to see them make an effort to try to defend. And she tries. Again, at the end of the day, that's all I expect from any of our players.

A lot of confidence in Andy. She's got a lot of confidence in herself. She's a very confident player. That goes a long way with your student-athletes. If they're confident, if they're walking with a little bit of an edge or a chip on their shoulder, they usually tend to be able to back it up. We make sure that they can.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thank you very much. Best of luck tomorrow against Arizona State.

VIC SCHAEFER: Thanks for your time. Praise the Lord and go Dogs.


Q. Madison, can you describe what it's like defending Sabrina.
MADISON GUEBERT: She's running off screens. She's coming off handoffs, ball screens, down screens, all kinds of screens. Yeah, it's tough because she's always constantly -- she moves so well without the ball. They're always looking for her.

Yeah, she just is constantly moving so it's tough to defend her.

Q. Macy, you guys put up 75 shot attempts. You can't be upset with that performance. Are you frustrated those shots weren't falling?
MACY MILLER: Like AJ said, defensively we did everything right we wanted to. Offensively it stinks because we struggled today. I wish shots would have fallen for us, but not tonight.

Q. Myah, how much did their length bother you inside? They're so tall.
MYAH SELLAND: I think initially we were probably a little passive. They're long, they're athletic. I think that maybe disrupted some of our shots. Then maybe took us out of our flow there right away in the game.

As the game went on, I thought we kind of got back into it and were able to take some shots. They just weren't falling tonight.

Q. Macy and Madison, this is a tough moment, but how proud are you of the careers you put together, that your final act was getting this team to a barrier that hadn't been broken before?
MACY MILLER: Right now, I'll be honest, this really stinks. I'm proud of Madi. I'm proud of the seniors, what we accomplished. Proud of our teammates. We made history this year, so there's nothing we can be sad about.

MADISON GUEBERT: It's a tough one tonight, but that doesn't take anything away from the phenomenal and special season that this team had this year. To make it to the Sweet 16 and make history like that is something that none of us are ever going to forget.

I just couldn't be more proud to be a part of a team that is so special. We've had such a strong community of supporters. Everyone was painting the town blue back home in Brookings. I know we had a ton of people watching, had tons of people that traveled out, former players, friends, family. The support we've received this year has been just absolutely unbelievable. Couldn't be more proud to be part of this team. Going to miss being out there. But as Macy said, can't wait to watch where this team continues to go.

Q. Madison, you were familiar with the Ducks. You played each other back in December. What was the difference between the two games, if there was one?
MADISON GUEBERT: Yeah, you know, I just think that both teams were a lot better since December when we played the first time. Like AJ said, defensively we were in it right there, and it wasn't a matter that the effort wasn't there, because it was. We were just kind of out of our rhythm for a little while offensively. Had a tough shooting night.

But, yeah, we were just a little bit out of rhythm offensively especially.

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you very much for your time.

We'll continue with questions for Coach Johnston.

Q. What did you see between the first game and this game, how Oregon attacked you, maybe what they did different defensively?
AARON JOHNSTON: Well, defensively they were a lot more -- you know, in that last game in Brookings, it was just a little different, a little more free flowing. They were mixing between man and zone a little bit. I think we kind of caught them in some of those transitions. We were able to score. They really settled in and just played man-to-man defense a lot here and I thought defended much better.

We got a lot in transition back in Brookings. They got themselves back and got themselves set. To me that was just the big difference. Their defense ramped up from where it was back in Brookings.

I thought we defended well. I mean, we're playing against some really phenomenal players. So to think you're just going to lock somebody down, that's not going to happen. But we just couldn't generate enough offense. I thought their length, somebody asked about that, that was a big factor in the game. They challenged shots at the rim, contested shots at the rim.

We had some good ones, but they also forced us to take some tough ones, especially in the second quarter, we got out of sync, scrambling the rest of the way trying to play catch-up.

Q. What do you think this season will mean for your program going forward, what these seniors did in getting past that Sweet 16 barrier?
AARON JOHNSTON: I mean, it's a great opportunity to really grow in a special way as a team. They've set a new bar that we'll try to aspire to every single year. Everybody goes through that process. I can remember, I'm trying to think now, probably the fourth time we've played Oregon, it was several years before we played them, they've come a long way in a short period of time. They've broken some barriers and set some new standards for their program.

Everybody goes through this as you're trying to move forward. Really disappointed that the season came to an end, that we say good-bye to three phenomenal seniors. But there's no doubt, everybody that comes from this point on has a new standard, a new target.

If we can do that a lot, that would be a really good thing. We've done that a lot. As a program, I feel really good about where things stand, I feel really good about this team. A bunch of great people. Played really hard today. Just love how hard they played. Just didn't work for us on the offensive side.

Q. Talk about your team's resiliency. You mentioned the fight they had. Talk about how important that was.
AARON JOHNSTON: Yeah, you know, we got down. We got down in the first second round, too. We made pushes. We got down in this one. I thought we hung in there. They did make a big push in that third. We found a way to kind of finish, get it back, so it was still a game.

Still to their credit, I thought they controlled a lot of the tempo, a lot of the things that went on. They just play at a great pace all the time. Sometimes it's fast, sometimes it's methodical, trying to get a certain matchup. Our team has really competed all year. I wasn't surprised to see them play that hard here today.

Great people do that. Both teams I'm sure have great people, but we certainly do, I know that.

Q. Officially neutral site game, but did it feel like a road game with all the green in the stands?
AARON JOHNSTON: Well, yeah, of course. I mean, they had a great crowd. Somebody asked me that yesterday. I think that's great. I think that's where you want to be at this point in the season. You want it to matter, not just to the two teams on the floor, but you want it to matter to everybody in the stands. And they had a great crowd.

We had a great crowd. But we had a lot of people from Brookings come to this game. We had a handful of past players, a couple of them I think came to the game today. Asked where they're staying. They said the airport, we're flying out tomorrow morning. I thought, Do you need money for a room? Can we help you out here?

We had a lot of people come. It mattered to both fan bases. One fan base was a couple hours away so they could drive. Both fan bases really support women's basketball, that's great to see for everybody.

Q. As you said, you were able to contain Oregon to a degree, you kept it relatively close for most of the game. What do you think the teams going forward in the tournament will be able to learn from your performance that will help them?
AARON JOHNSTON: I mean, that's hard. Everybody plays a different style. We kept it close, but they were really efficient offensively. They were still very good. So there's still some ground to make up.

But every team is just so different. I think for us, we played pretty physical. I think that's a good thing. Game was physical I thought both ways. But they're just hard to stop. Like I said, they have such great tempo and great purpose about what they're trying to get done. They have so many key players that can make plays.

Having played them twice this year, they're awfully good, for sure.

Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much, coach.

Q. T, the defense really kind of got in on you, two or three players surrounding you most of the game. How are you able to keep your composure as that game went on? Constantly getting hit in the back, took some fouls on, fouled some girls out. How were you able to handle yourself through four quarters?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: I know that I have to keep a cool head a little bit for my teammates, as well as my coaching staff. I know I can't go out there and do something crazy and get a technical and be sitting on the bench because that's not what my team needs.

At some point my teammates are going to knock down shots. They'll start fading off, from three it will be two, then one-on-one. I just got to play it smart.

Q. Teaira, you passed Sylvia Fowles to become the all-time tournament leader in rebounding. Is that an accomplishment to you?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: Yes, it is. My hard work is paying off. I fight for those rebounds as well as anyone else. I'm just congratulating myself on just going in and scoring on every board.

Q. T, every game you play is physical inside. This one seemed like even maybe more so than normal. Did you feel like it was?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: Like you say, every game is physical. I mean, that's a physical team right there. But the SEC is a physical conference, as well. It was kind of the same. Physical is physical (smiling).

Q. Jazzmun, can you talk about the atmosphere tonight. Tickets sold over 12,000 here tonight. Talk about the crowd and the atmosphere that you felt around the arena.
JAZZMUN HOLMES: Well, our Bulldogs travel, and they made it feel like home. So I'm grateful for that. We were able to give them something that they wanted to see.

Q. Jazz, when you hear coach say time and time again that you're the best point guard in the country probably hands down, what does that mean to you? When you're out there, do you feel like you're playing like the best point guard in the country?
JAZZMUN HOLMES: I mean, I do. I really don't look at numbers. But, I mean, credit to my teammates. I know he doesn't want me to turn the ball over, and that's a big thing for him. I come out and focus on not turning the ball over, giving my teammates the ball at certain times. Just scoring when I need to, so...

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you very much.

We'll take questions at this time for Coach Schaefer.

Q. We asked T pretty much every time a game is physical like that, was this one more physical than others? She always says probably not because every game is physical. When you're watching on the sideline, you saw that game, do you feel like that one stacked up as more physical than some of the others you played this year?
VIC SCHAEFER: Yeah, I mean, I think it was a physical game. I just think, again, I love how Charli's teams play. Just like my teams. I think, you know, it's hard to deal with T one-on-one. You got to bring help from somewhere. A lot of times there were three people around her tonight.

T has really gotten smart. I give the kid a lot of credit. She's developed mentally in understanding what she can and can't do, whereas, hey, let's just say a month and a half ago, she was a bull in a china cabinet that night we played in Missouri and got beat. She's learned from that night.

Not many seniors in the middle of their senior year humble themselves and go, You know what, I got to change. She has. So you got to give that kid credit. So I think for her, you know, it is physical. She's a big girl, and it's hard to deal with her. So there were times out there early she was down on all fours, didn't get up right away.

The thing for her, she's had all the shots she can take in her back. She can't have any more. She's been pushed around, beat on for four years. Our trainer, Julie, she really has to do a great job with the other stuff, and Julie does.

Again, it's nothing that we're not used to. I think for me, as I told her tonight, I called her in and I said, Hey, I'm going to coach you until we're done, you can't get emotionally involved or get in some kind of mouthing with your opponent. You've got to keep your cool because, again, you get an unsporting foul, a technical foul, that counts as a personal foul. We just can't do that.

T knows that. She knows that. But it's a challenge sometimes, you know.

Q. First thing when Charli got in here said she apologized to Mississippi State. What was that?
VIC SCHAEFER: I think one of her kids and T might have said some things to each other going through the line. I corrected T as soon as we went in the locker room. Before I said anything to my team, I called T in, we met. Again, I'm not mad, I'm just trying to teach her, trying to coach her, just like Charli is coaching and teaching her kid. That's who we are. We try to run a classy program.

Those kids, they're in the moment. Those kids are competing against each other. It's two great kids. You get in the moment, again, my job is to coach my kids and my team and teach 'em, Hey, you can't go there. You can't.

My message to Teaira and my team is that people -- the real life lesson here is that people know what your stats say, they know you can play, they know you're a student-athlete, they got that. People in the real world at the professional level, whether it's basketball or being in the professional workplace, they want to know what kind of person you are, what's your character like.

You don't ever want anybody to question that. Maybe somebody in the arena sees that, they might get a bad opinion, which isn't true. So we're both -- Charli and I talked before I came in here. We both agree, we're coaching our kids, we've already corrected them, and we move on.

Q. Teaira, the rebounding career record in the NCAA tournament, what does that kind of mean to you?
VIC SCHAEFER: Well, I know who Sylvia Fowles was. She probably had never seen her play. I knew who that kid was, the great player she was in this league, and the records she holds in this league.

Teaira McCowan just went into some real rare air, not to mention across the country. I mean, Sylvia was in our conference, but she set the record for all time in the NCAA tournament. Teaira McCowan just broke that. That's pretty incredible.

If I'm not mistaken, I think Sylvia was in the Final Four for three or four straight years, all four. So Sylvia was in there all four years, made it all the way into the Final Four all four years. So T has done it a little bit ahead of schedule, so to speak.

I'm just so proud of her. Again, the growth, the maturity of her, the course of her career at Mississippi State, really special. It's tough. It's hard. Y'all saw. It's like that most nights in our league, too.

Q. Your bench had to come in in a key spot in the second quarter. Jordan was having a good first quarter, Andy, too, then T. How did they handle that moment? For the bench to come in and hold serve, how did you think they handled that?
VIC SCHAEFER: I thought they were spectacular. I thought Bre made a big three. I told Jessika in the timeout, Here is what is going to happen. They're going to come off of you, double on T, you'll be wide open for that free-throw jumper. She's been working really hard on that in practice. I said, You're going to square it up, knock it down. Boy, she did. If you notice, I was grinning ear to ear. We all were on the bench. Mary even got up and gave me a fist pump.

Because that's what you do as coaches, you get kids, they develop, you see them go out there and do something like that, do it with confidence. You see them have success. I mean, that's what we do as teachers and coaches with young kids 18 to 22.

I thought those kids were really good. Myah came in right at the end of the half, let me move Jazz to the two to let me get through to the end of the quarter. I thought they were recall really good. Anriel was in foul trouble. Got in foul trouble there late in the third. Jess came in.

I was proud of my bench. Xaria came in, did a good job, missed a couple free throws, I'd like her to make those, but put herself in a position to be there. My bench has done that all year. They kept getting better. That's what I love about them, you know.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, congratulations. We'll see you on Sunday.

VIC SCHAEFER: All right. Praise the Lord and go Dogs.

Q. Teaira, that game against Oregon the last time you played was one of the few times this season that you haven't had a double-double. You were in foul trouble. What else went wrong there?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: Just didn't execute the game plan that the coaches gave us. Just one of those nights, you know. Can't have them, but we did.

Q. Jordan, having played Oregon in the state of Oregon, seeing them this season, how much does that help you guys get prepared for this game?
JORDAN DANBERRY: You know, completely different team than last time we played them. We've played in Oregon before against, you know, their crowd, they have a big crowd, big fan base because we're right here in this state.

I guess, I don't know, I won't have it no other way really. I want to play here in front of they fan base again and come out with a win.

Q. Jordan, you fouled out of that first game against Oregon earlier this year. Given what Sabrina Ionescu can do, if that's your assignment, how important is it for you to stay on the floor and stay engaged in this game tomorrow?
JORDAN DANBERRY: I think it's important. I mean, she's a great player. She's an All-American. Stay out of foul trouble this time in the game so I can be out there to help my teammates. I got great teammates around me that play help defense as well. I think we'll be all right, we'll collectively guard her.

Q. Jordan, you said this is a completely different team. What exactly is different entering this game with Oregon?
JORDAN DANBERRY: Just our mindset, our defense. That was in non-conference. We've played a lot more games together, got a lot more chemistry on the defensive end as well as the offensive end.

We're just a different team as far as our talents, what we can do.

Q. Anriel, last time around you dropped 30 against Oregon. How did you find success against them? Can you also speak about the physicality of that game. 50 combined free throws from both teams in that game.
ANRIEL HOWARD: I just believe that my teammates, they found me in the open areas, open spots. Jazz did really good finding me. Even Teaira, when she doubled off her, I just tried to find the soft spot. Everybody played a role in just finding me in the open areas. I was able to knock down shots.

But last game, last time we played them, it was very physical. We expect the same thing. We're used to it. We're in the SEC. That comes every night. We'll be ready.

Q. Teaira, Kelly Graves, Oregon's head coach, compared you to Mt. Hood, an 11,000-foot-tall volcano here in Oregon. I'm sure you've been compared to a lot of things. Is that the craziest thing? What do you think about that?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: That is crazy, but I don't know. No comment. I don't know. It's crazy (smiling).

Q. Teaira, how do you prepare for a matchup with Ruthy Hebard after what happened in Eugene in December?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: I prepare normally. I just know I have to be better for my teammates, I have to be focused, dialed in. I can't, you know, just do what I did last game. I went back and looked at it. I wasn't, you know, doing what I normally do. I wasn't the normal T. I know this time I'll be better, my team will be better. We'll be fine.

Q. Teaira, they played some sort of strange combination defense last time. How much did that impact the way you played? Was it just a bad game on your part?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: It was just a bad game on my part, I would say. But their defense is pretty swarming. They threw everything at me. I didn't react as quick as I would normally. So, I mean, I just have to be prepared for whatever they're going to throw at me.

Q. Andy, you only played five minutes in that first game against Oregon. Your role has expanded. What do you think you can provide in that expanded role this time around?
ANDRA ESPINOZA-HUNTER: Just be good help side, knock down shots when I'm open.

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you very much for your time. Good luck tomorrow.

Mississippi State head coach Vic Schaefer. We will go ahead and open it up for questions.

Q. What role does having played Oregon already in the state of Oregon play in helping you guys get ready for this game?
VIC SCHAEFER: Sure, I think -- I don't think there's any question that it helps you. I think our kids, they understand they're going to walk into an arena tomorrow night and it's going to be green, a lot of people hollering against you, not many hollering for you.

But we're going to have a few people here. So, I mean, that happens in our league a lot. We've played at some great places, some great venues with pro crowds that are against you. I think that's what this team has handled a great deal.

We've played them now three straight years. Kelly's done a tremendous job. Have so much respect for him and his staff and the team. We've had some real great games with each other. I appreciated him playing us home and home. He came to us last year, we returned this year. Both games were high-scoring, really knock-down, drag-outs in my mind.

Q. When you played them in Eugene this year, they really hurt you on the pick'n roll.
VIC SCHAEFER: You've been watching film (smiling).

Q. At this point in the season, how do you make adjustments while still staying true to who you are?
VIC SCHAEFER: You don't think I'm going to come out and play 2-3 zone tomorrow night (laughter)?

Q. How do you straddle the line making sure your kids are confident, we can win with how we've won all year?
VIC SCHAEFER: That's a great point. Darrell Royal used to say, You go with what brung you.

We're a lot better team today than we were three months ago. So is Oregon. We've gone through some ways to deal with them a little bit. We have Plan B and Plan C in place in case we have to go to that.

At the same time I think they're going to be who they are. We're going to be who we are. We'll go from there. But when we played them earlier in the year, I mean, you just couldn't help off anybody. They did a tremendous job of spreading you out. If you helped off somebody, you lost ball pressure, they're going to find who's open.

So for us, you know -- for them, it doesn't change. They still got the same personnel. Hopefully we're a little better defensively. I thought we were really good last night against a really good team. Thought we were really good in the first half at Clemson, against Clemson, so...

We've had so many new players at that point in December, trying to figure our way, figure it out. Now we've got a different team than that team. No Chloe, and Andy is playing a lot. We're different a little bit. Hopefully in a good way.

Q. Last time out Sabrina scored 29 points, 17 for 17 from the free-throw line. How do you prevent her from getting to the line so often?
VIC SCHAEFER: Stop fouling her. I think that's the big thing. That's an All-American in so many different ways. You just can't put her on the free-throw line. Down the stretch, we made some really poor decisions that put her on the line. Hopefully we're smarter today than we were three months ago. We'll make better decisions.

She's like an 89% free-throw shooter, I think something like that. You just can't put her on the line. When the game's on the line, she wants to be in that moment. That's what makes her great. We got to be better. We got to make better decisions, not put her on the line.

Q. In that game against Oregon, Teaira was not on her game. She got into foul trouble early. Eventually you pulled her and sat her on the bench for most of the fourth quarter. Did y'all have a conversation that kind of changed things for her after that game? What was it that's allowed her to be so effective even if things aren't going her way, kept out of the paint? How has she been able to maintain her composure and get back into her kind of basketball?
VIC SCHAEFER: The answer is yes, we had a conversation, but that's probably not the only one since then. She was a bull in a china cabinet the night we got beat by Missouri at home. I just mentioned this in the locker room to someone else, the media. Most seniors halfway through their senior years think they know it all and are not very coachable. Teaira, after that Valentine's Day game, we had another conversation, her and Johnnie sat and watched film. She realized she's got to do things a little different.

Give the kid credit, she changed, she grew. She altered some things where she's got to play better. Again, I think that's why she's such a great player and going to just be tremendous at the next level because she is still coachable.

So, you know, that night was certainly a frustrating night for all of us, for her. She's a lot like her coach: she's an emotional kid, plays with a lot of passion. I have a real appreciation for somebody like that.

Q. Did Oregon play T a lot like the team did last night, like Arizona State did, play the post that way, sagging, beating up on her?
VIC SCHAEFER: You didn't see the game?

Q. I came home from a football game that night, turned it on...
VIC SCHAEFER: Yeah, so it was physical down there, for sure, yeah. You guys got to find another topic, you're trying to get me in trouble (laughter).

Q. They were playing a combination defense a lot of the time on her. How much was that a factor and how much was her not having a good game?
VIC SCHAEFER: Again, I think they did a great job. They mixed up their defenses, played some box-and-one, that 3-2 zone they like to play that's big and wide, played some man and 2-3.

You have to have your whole offensive package ready to go. Your point guard really has to be cognizant of what they're doing. That's what makes them -- again, Kelly has done a great job with them because they are multidimensional offensively as well as defensively. They're a load, a handful to deal with.

When you play somebody like that, you better be ready. We know we're playing a championship team. They won the Pac-12. They're really good. They're good for a reason. They're smart, they're heady, tough, well-coached. We're going to have to beat them in front of their own people tomorrow night.

They're a heck of a basketball team. They got great players. May have the best multi-skilled player in the game. I mean, if she was a baseball player, used call her a five-tool player. I figured it out, I think she's an eight-tool player in women's basketball. She scores at all three levels. She rebounds. She assists. She's your hustle player. She's smart. You can throw classy and elegance in on top of it. I mean, that's how good that kid is.

When you're going against a team like that and a player like that, you really have to play your best game. We didn't play our best game that night. So we learned from it. Hopefully we'll be better tomorrow night.

Q. I have to ask you about Teaira. She looks like she's in really good shape right now. Has she even lost weight since December? Do you think she's in better shape now?
VIC SCHAEFER: I don't know that she's lost it since December. I think her frame changed pretty quick once she got to Starkville.

Look, the kid gets madder than heck at me if I yank her out of a game. She don't like to come out. She's averaged I think 31, 32 minutes on the year. Here in the last five games, she's averaging maybe 36, 37.

Again, here we go, over the course of the year, she's averaging 30. But in the last five, she's averaging 34.4. In our conference, she averaged almost 32. She's in great shape. I give Marci, our strength and conditioning coach, a lot of credit. But I give T a lot of credit. Not a lot of big kids like her drag two and three people up and down the floor every night all night, and stay in the shape and conditioning.

Again, y'all saw last night. It's like that every night for that kid. You just get pounded on and beat on all game long. The kid can take no more shots. She can't have any more. My trainer has to do the job with heat and ice. When you think about the course of her career, it's been hard. It's hard for her down there.

Q. Maybe doesn't always translate this literally, but is preparing for moments like this part of why you're willing to go on the road and play a team like Oregon?
VIC SCHAEFER: Absolutely. I think, yeah, that's exactly why you do it. We went to Texas and played. We went to Virginia and played. We came out here to Oregon and played. I'm probably missing one somewhere.

This is why you do it. Again, our teams, my teams have always continued to get better in late February and March. We pride ourselves on being a tough, physical, aggressive basketball team. That doesn't say anything about your skill set. But if somebody describes you as a tough, physical, aggressive basketball player, you'd like that. Doesn't say anything about your jump shot.

Same thing is true probably about anybody's football team or baseball team. Doesn't say anything about your Friday night starter that throws 95. If your baseball team is a tough, physical, aggressive baseball team you'd probably like that as a coach.

For me as a coach, it's what we've always hung our hat on. Overtime games, whenever it gets tough, that's when it just gets about right for us.

Q. Is that the scouting report next to you? That's a lot of paper. Do you make the team read the entire thing, too?
VIC SCHAEFER: Well, no. These are my notes. Again, we've played them three straight years, so... These are notes.

Q. Just Oregon notes?
VIC SCHAEFER: Yes, this is just Oregon. That's old, this is new. So, yeah, I have this. I don't throw stuff away. I go back and look at what worked in Hawaii three years ago, whenever else we've played them.

For me, I've always been a note-taker. Doesn't mean I was a good student in college, by the way, but I am a note-taker. I have this on all of our opponents.

This one is about average. Only played them three times (smiling).

Q. Obviously you are familiar with them. Do they remind you of anyone in the SEC? Any team that's like them? Any player like Sabrina?
VIC SCHAEFER: As a team, no. No one spreads you out like they do and shoots it like they do. Maybe an Arkansas as far as just spread you out and try to shoot it. But their five player is a little bit better.

Maybe Missouri as far as, you know, having that player like her. But from a competitive standpoint, a competitor, that's probably as close as comparison as we're going to probably find. That's not saying no one else has one. It's just from a similar standpoint of being able to score at all three levels, seeing the floor, makes the great decisions, passer, rebounder, plays with heart and passion, all those things.

I think that's probably a good comparison.

THE MODERATOR: Coach Schaefer, thank you very much for your time. Best of luck tomorrow.

VIC SCHAEFER: All right. Praise the Lord and go Dogs.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Jazz and Jordan, when they were packing things in on T and Anriel, y'all had to hit some shots. How did you feel like you were able to get things going offensively especially when they went on that spurt?
JAZZMUN HOLMES: We just knew they were going to sag on T. Whenever I got an open look, I took it. Coach told me, Whenever you get the open look, take it, so I did.

JORDAN DANBERRY: Same as what Jazz said. We just knew we had to knock down those shots, play through Teaira, just make 'em.

Q. Teaira, you've lost in the last game of the season twice. How does this feeling compare to the times you lost in those games?
TEAIRA McCOWAN: A loss is a loss, you know. It doesn't feel good. But I'm proud of my team, my coaching staff we got this far. We had a great season. Nothing to hang our heads on. Yeah, it hurts, but we'll be okay.

Q. Anriel, I was wondering if you could give an oversight the difference between the game earlier this year and then the game tonight. Did Oregon do anything differently than what they did in that first game? How did you guys have to adjust?
ANRIEL HOWARD: I believe that the first game they hurt us a lot on the pick'n roll. I think that we adjusted, we did good. We defended the pick'n roll much better this time. They found another option, which were the open shooters, and they were knocking down shots.

Q. Jazzmun and Anriel, can you talk a little bit about the challenges of guarding Sabrina man-to-man.
JAZZMUN HOLMES: She's a great player. We did all we could. I mean, she's good, so... Hats off to her.

ANRIEL HOWARD: What Jazz said.

Q. Teaira and Anriel, coach talked about this a little bit. When you think back to this game, how much are you going to remember the challenge of having to come to Oregon, trying to beat the Ducks on their second home turf?
ANRIEL HOWARD: I mean, it's not easy. We lost both times. But I do think that we played harder the second time. The first time was on their court. They had that advantage. But this time they still had a lot of their fans here.

Teaira.

TEAIRA McCOWAN: Like coach said, they shot the ball great. They had great ball movement. Whenever we took away one thing, they were kicking out to shooters. They weren't recovering. That was the challenge. We didn't guard the line.

Q. Anriel, you've talked multiple times about wanting to come to Mississippi State to win a national championship. Obviously you fall a little short of that goal. Overall, what are your feelings on what you were able to accomplish this year?
ANRIEL HOWARD: (Tearing up.)

THE MODERATOR: Let's come back to that.

Q. Teaira, how are you feeling after that collision at the end of the third quarter? Holding your rib maybe.
TEAIRA McCOWAN: It hurt a little bit. I went down. She fell. I fell on her knee. I got hit in the ribs. I'll be okay.

VIC SCHAEFER: Just going back to Anriel. I've been doing this 34 years y'all. Every day, smile. Every day, motor is 120%. Every day, competing. What she brought to our program... Could have gone anywhere in the country.

She's a great kid. Her mom, her family have done an unbelievable job with her. Just an unbelievable competitor. She's not done playing, trust me.

What she brings, the energy and the effort she brings, y'all, I promise y'all never seen anything like it on a consistent basis every day. Again, she came to a place where she was a great rebounder. She came to a place that had the best rebounder in the country, who has the best rebounder in the history of the NCAA tournament. That's the confidence that this kid has. That's the giver that she is. She knew that number may suffer, that's not about me. Let me see if I can help her with those numbers and see if we can win a championship together.

That's what needs to be said about Anriel Howard. She is a tremendous young lady and an unbelievable competitor. I mean, motor is off the chart.

ANRIEL HOWARD: I think I can try to answer now. Thank you.

Everything that coach said is all accurate. I came here to win championships. I got two. It's a wonderful feeling. I never had a championship in basketball, not at any level.

Just to be able to get a feeling of that with these group of girls and this coaching staff and the community and the fans, all of that, is something that is undescribable. It's definitely a blessing. I'm just really grateful for the opportunity that the coaches gave me and the girls for welcoming me and the community, like I said. It's just been awesome.

I just want to say thank you to everybody. So thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you so much. Congratulations on a very impressive season.

We will continue with questions for Coach Schaefer.

Q. You said yesterday you're a big note-taker. Looked like you were taking some notes. What jumped out to you on the stat sheet as you're trying to immediately process the game?
VIC SCHAEFER: Yeah, I mean, 13 out of 26 from the three-point line. You turn those into twos, you know, you win the game. We were trying. We made notes at halftime. They made eight, I think, at half. We knocked that down to five in the second half.

First thing that jumps off is 13 assists, no turnovers in an Elite 8 game. I'm never getting off my soapbox about that kid. What an injustice to have an award and she's not one of the top five in the country. That's a joke.

They shot it really well. I don't know that I've ever been in a game where we turned it over six times and we didn't win. I've never had that happen in 34 years in coaching. But we only forced them into eight.

I got six kids that shot 47% or better. But, you know, at the end of the day, y'all, it's on me because we got to guard better. Obviously I didn't have them in the right position to do that. I pride myself on being a pretty good defensive coach. I gave up 88 points tonight. You're not supposed to win those, quite frankly.

I'm disappointed in myself that it didn't happen for us. I'll go back, I'll watch the film, and I'll get better. I'll learn. But these kids, they did everything they could do. I mean, I couldn't be prouder of them. They fought their guts out today in a really difficult arena against a really good team, so...

No particular stat other than my point guard had 13 and zero. I don't think I've ever had that either.

Q. I'm not trying to get you in trouble with this question, but the game seemed to be called differently in the third quarter. Was that something you felt? Do you think you guys struggled to adjust to that?
VIC SCHAEFER: There's a one-word answer here, I'm just trying to figure out if it's yes or no. Can we draw a poll, see what everybody thinks?

I don't know. Obviously it was one quarter. In the fourth quarter, we had four fouls before we got into the bonus with 50-some seconds left.

I don't know. I'm all into the game, so at that moment I'm just trying to coach my kids. That was part of my notes, in our first game, we got into a little bit of a foul situation with them. That was part of my message today. I read them part of my notes going into the game. One of them was, Hey, got to play harder defensively, got to do a better job in help, and we got to clean it up, we got to be clean.

I'm going to be clean, and I'm done.

Q. We can talk all we want about home-court advantage, but we're not on the floor making decisions. Was there anything you can remember about the game that you feel might have gone a different way if this were a true neutral site?
VIC SCHAEFER: You know, I just think -- I know where our game is, to answer your question. I get it. It was a great environment. Our kids, we've been in that environment a bunch. We played on the road in the Southeastern Conference. I just thought a great environment. I was proud to be a coach in that game today, be a part of an industry, women's basketball.

Here is the thing. We probably could have played it somewhere else and been on a completely neutral floor and played in front of a thousand people. Do we want that or do we want to play in that environment today?

You know what, I liked playing out there today. I think my kids liked playing out there today. It was a great environment. You know what, I have no clue what the outcome would have been playing in front of a thousand. But I know what it was today. And again, I'm aware of that. That's my responsibility, I'm the head coach.

My kids fought their guts out. I could not be prouder of a team to play the way they played today.

Q. When you have an opponent that's knocking down threes at the rate that Oregon was, what were some things you tried defensively to stop that?
VIC SCHAEFER: We talked about it at halftime. We got to chase them off the line. So you start chasing them off the line, now you take your help out of there on the roll, on the pick'n roll stuff.

So, again, I think Sabrina made some really tough shots tonight. Obviously she's a heck of a player. But I thought she made some really tough shots at the shot clock. That's what great players do. They're going to make shots when your team needs it. I thought she was really, really hard to guard.

I'm just telling you, we got two pretty good defensive players, by the way, at Mississippi State. They guard. They did a heck of a job, did the best they could. Sometimes you got to pat them on the back and move to the other end, say, Hey, great shot. I think that's where you were today.

That kid made some great shots today. When they make shots like that, y'all, and we were very similar to that way last year with our four shooters around the perimeter, T inside, we were hard to guard. They're hard to guard when you do that.

Again, I watched I can't tell you how many films. They've been a little bit -- haven't shot it as well lately, up until today.

Q. The way they passed the ball, the way they space, you were pretty hard on yourself about the way you defended them, but they're pretty difficult.
VIC SCHAEFER: No, they are. Again, I think for us, I know y'all haven't seen us a lot up here, but we really pride ourselves on ball pressure, denying one pass away, not letting somebody run their pretty offense, making one-handed passes, things like that.

I don't think that we did that a lot today. But they're really good, you're right. They're really good. When you're involved in pick'n roll all night long, I mean, you really got to do a good job. It's not just the two people. When we work on pick'n roll defense, it's not a two-man game. You got three people in help. That's what people don't get.

I go to clinics, they're talking about pick'n roll, you want to jam them, you want to ice them, you want to edge. When I work on pick'n roll defense, I'm working on my help, too. It's not just two people. You got to have a third person locked in and running help, locked in on that roll and locked in on your shooter.

Again, give them credit. They're really good at what they do. They made shots. We contested a bunch of 'em. Some of 'em not so much, but we were high end on a lot of 'em. Sabrina made a couple of them, I don't know how she got it off. They ain't touching anything, so you pat them on the back, move to the other end because they made a tough shot.

Q. In the second half, Oregon was virtually triple-teaming Teaira. That's brutal for anybody. Having said that, do you think you got the ball to her? Did you find enough ways to get the ball to her in the second half?
VIC SCHAEFER: Yeah, I mean, we scored 84 points. If I'd have known that coming into tonight, I'd have said, I'll take it. I think our offense was adequate tonight. We just didn't guard. That's what I walk out of here -- again as a defensive coach, I'll kick myself still I'm standing back up here a year from now.

T got some good looks. She got 10 shots off. She was seven out of eight at the free-throw line. When you're doubled and tripled and they're laying on you, where you can't literally move, and when you do, it could possibly be an offensive foul, that's difficult. Then you got to play through her. That's where the kid has grown and matured so much. We play through her a lot.

She had two assists tonight. Just did a good job. We missed some shots where she passed it to us first half. I think we got it to her quite a bit. She finished a lot. Again, you're right, it's hard down there when you got a campfire built around you.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thank you so much. Congratulations on a great season.

VIC SCHAEFER: Appreciate everybody being here today. Again, praise the Lord and go Dogs.

Q. For any of you guys, you've been in a similar situation before, last year in the tournament playing UCLA in the first round. How do you approach these games where you know that everyone is kind of expecting you guys to be the huge underdog?
SHALEN SHAW: I think it's something that we kind of use for fuel. No one expects us to win. Everybody is kind of almost against us, but we kind of rally together and try to play our best game.

RILEY LUPFER: I think coming into this game with your head held high, don't be intimidated, you can't play scared. Just come in with a chip on your shoulder. Why not us?

BRAYDEY HODGINS: I definitely think the whole year we were predicted No. 1 in our conference starting off, but we still had to play the underdog role when we didn't find ourselves there the whole conference season, so it's something we've kind of gotten used to. Even though we were the No. 1 seed in our tournament, we still felt like we had to play and be the underdog a little bit.

Q. For any of the players who would like to touch this, the men's tournament does not allow teams to play on their home floor. How do you feel about having to come in here?
RILEY LUPFER: I think it's exciting. Our coach was telling us about how they get like 7,000 a game, and I'm like, the more fans the better, so they bring in a good crowd. I think it's just fun. We don't mind it.

SHALEN SHAW: I think it's fun because we get to play somewhere that we've never been. We watch them on TV. We get to see the court, and all the fans, too, I think it'll just be a good environment and kind of exciting.

BRAYDEY HODGINS: I think it's going to be really fun, and obviously like Shay said, it's a different atmosphere that we're playing in. We see them on TV, we see this arena, so it's a good opportunity for us to get out of the Northwest and come down here.

Q. Playing so far away from Boise, an unfamiliar audience of course you're playing in front of, so the question is who is Boise State? What kind of team? Who is this Boise State basketball team?
RILEY LUPFER: I think our culture is we overcome adversity. We go down to Wyoming with one of the biggest crowds we ever have to win a regular season championship, and I think we came up, we showed that we were the best in the Mountain West. I think we come into situations like that and we play our best basketball, and I think that says a lot about our culture and how much grit we have.

BRAYDEY HODGINS: I think the resiliency that our team has shown is something that will be showcased tomorrow. We're faced with adversity being a No. 16 team coming in to play Louisville, and so I think the adversity that we're going to face tomorrow is something that we might not have faced at this scale this season, but we've had little bits and pieces to prepare us.

SHALEN SHAW: Yeah, I think the adversity we've had throughout the season and the injuries we've had, the elevation at Wyoming, I think it's something that says that we take on adversity and we hold on to it and play behind it.

Q. I wonder if any of your families have had any difficulties getting here. It must have fairly challenging. I know that Kentucky fans going to Boise are looking at two connections. Any interesting anecdotes?
RILEY LUPFER: Yeah, it's crazy. It's a lot of money to travel here. My mom works for Southwest and she can fly for free, and she can't even come because the flights are so crazy here and it's just too much time. But I know we'll have one fan there for sure. My family lives in Memphis, and hopefully they make it, but you never know. It's a long travel, no matter where you go.

SHALEN SHAW: Yeah, my mom works for American, too, and she looked at all the flights, and they were all booked. There was nothing to get here.

BRAYDEY HODGINS: My dad is a road tripper and surprised me at plenty of games, but I don't think he's going to be able to manage this one. He joked to put him on the list just in case he finds a way, but flying is expensive, and driving, that's a long trip.

Q. Shay, for you, it's your third NCAA Tournament, first Boise State player to play in three. Is there anything you're looking to get out of this one other than a win that hasn't been the case the last two?
SHALEN SHAW: I was going to say a win. That's all that I think we're looking to get out of it, just get that win and hopefully after that get more wins and just take everything in.

Q. Pardon me if you've been asked this question before, but in terms of coming here, and you were just alluding to the travel issues. How much of a change practice-wise or schedule-wise to adjust to the time zone change have you had to make coming here, just anything with studying and practicing and what kind of effect that's had?
RILEY LUPFER: We were joking it was our teammate's birthday yesterday. It was her 21st, and we just felt like we lost a whole day, coming here, losing two hours. We were on a plane most of it, and we were like, Ellie, you kind of missed your whole 21st birthday; that kind of sucks. But otherwise I think we handled it pretty well.

SHALEN SHAW: Yeah, we haven't really made a whole bunch of changes in practice or anything like that. Maybe just went to bed a little bit later.

BRAYDEY HODGINS: I think something, at least for school, I have a couple things due today, so I have a little extra time to turn them in. That's the only thing I can think about.

Q. Knowing that Louisville has hosted here before and they've lost here before in the first couple rounds, does that give you guys a little bit of a different perspective on the game?
SHALEN SHAW: I think it just -- I don't think it gives us a bit of a different perspective. I think that we just need to be who we are and play how we play, and I think that some good things will happen for us.

RILEY LUPFER: Try not to worry about statistics as much as other people would. I say don't -- just come in here and play our game, play confident, and don't worry about the past because it's the past. We've just got to be in the moment and just appreciate that we're here and play hard.

Q. I think the only time a 16 has beaten a 1 was in the women's tournament in '98. Have you seen that video, or do you take any heart from that, any of you?
BRAYDEY HODGINS: Personally I haven't seen the video, but we've been kind of given -- I've been told about it, and I was one at the time, so I wasn't able to watch. So I think that just proves like something that a 16 seed isn't necessarily the worst thing that can happen to us. We talked about, it's just adversity that we have to face.

SHALEN SHAW: I personally also haven't seen the video. I just know it was Harvard over Stanford, which that's a good game. I'd like to watch it when I get home.

RILEY LUPFER: I'd say that was a long time ago, and it's basketball, anything can happen. It's one game, and like anything can go our way. We have to just get ready for the game and not worry about that.

Q. Three years ago wasn't that long ago when you were 15, Boise State hung with a 2 in Tennessee at Tennessee, and you guys started out pretty well in that game and then last year at UCLA was a rough start, so how important is the first five minutes of the game against Louisville?
SHALEN SHAW: The first five minutes is everything. That'll set the tone where we are and who we are. I think that in those first five minutes, it's important that we play our game and don't let them control the game because in those five minutes we can do anything, we can shock the world basically.

RILEY LUPFER: Last year against UCLA we kind of came out and got ourselves in a hole, but the rest of the game it was like the same point margin, and we showed if we didn't get in a hole, we could stay with them. I'm a big believer that you set the tone with how you start the game, so if we come in confident, hit a couple shots, we'll be like, okay, this could go our way. So I think it helps a lot with confidence the way we start a game.

BRAYDEY HODGINS: I think we found ourselves some holes in the beginning of the season in some early games and we were able to climb out, but when you're playing on this stage, those holes are the whole game and they decide everything, so coming out with a confident, strong start is something that we need to focus on to carry us through the rest of the game tomorrow.

Q. A lot has been made obviously about how you guys are underdogs in this matchup, but you're riding the 10-game win streak coming off a conference championship. Do you feel like you guys are on the up right now?
RILEY LUPFER: For sure. I think we are flowing as a team and we started flowing at the perfect time of the season, so I would say to keep the flow that we got at the tournament, keep it going here pretty, but we're confident in ourselves.

BRAYDEY HODGINS: Yeah, just like Riley said, we're on a 10-game win streak and we want that to continue, obviously, but we know we're up to face a challenge tomorrow morning, and I think we're ready for it. We've practiced hard, we have a good scout, and we're going to be really prepared to play in the morning.

SHALEN SHAW: Yeah, I think we've been playing well together, doing the right things and not being selfish with the ball, which is important, and I think that we'll be ready to fight tomorrow.

Q. Along that line, Riley, when you look at this winning streak, where do you feel like you all have really progressed and how that carries over into a came like this?
RILEY LUPFER: We started off the season really struggling finding ourselves, and we lost a lot of games in the fourth quarter, which like giving it to them. And I think these last 10 games we feel way more confident in our fourth quarter, and we're like, this is our game. Our shots are going to go in, we're getting stops. And I think that is the grit and resilience that we have built as a team this year, and we're gelling right now, so I think that has really changed a lot for us.

Q. As a follow-up, when you look at Louisville on video, what is the challenge in trying to slow them down?
RILEY LUPFER: The challenge of trying to slow them down, I would say trying to focus on the scout, know the personnel, know that Asia Durr wants to go left and know who their shooters are. Just do what we do and make sure -- our coach has spent a lot of time on the scout, so I feel like we need to be really focused in on that and how to slow them down.

SHALEN SHAW: I totally agree scout is very important. If you don't know the scout, then you're going to be lost the whole game, and knowing the scout also helps us on defense, just knowing who the shooters are, knowing who wants to rebound and who you need to box out in order to get the ball to go the other way, so I think scout is very, very important.

Q. Is Louisville one of the deepest rosters that you've seen in terms of just scoring and just the number of things that they can do?
GORDY PRESNELL: I think they're one of the most dimensional, multidimensional. They only played six or seven players the whole ACC Tournament if I recall. But their ball screen motion is phenomenal. They have post presence, they have size, they have a go-to player. They play multiple defenses where they can get out and just get after you, and then they can play pack line a little bit. What they've done here in the last few years is remarkable, and what a great coaching staff and the job that he's done. They've knocked on the door a few times, and now they're about ready to step on in and have their place.

Hopefully we will perform at the very best that we can tomorrow, and looking forward to the game, that's for sure. I think our kids are, too.

Q. How does your team rebound so well with such limited height?
GORDY PRESNELL: Yeah, emphasis on limited height. Even though we had an all-conference post player, 6'3", an ACL about the fourth or fifth game into the season, it just really crushed us before Christmas. So just an effort, and we have a post coach that her whole job is post and also rebounding, and that's all that we focus on. I do think we are very, very obviously undersized, but that's where we are most athletic is Shay Shaw and A'Shanti Coleman and Joyce Harrell are all rim touchers, and so that's an area that we've just really tried to put a focus on, and the same thing offensively. We try to go hard, and I've never run so much 1-4 high stuff in my life because we've always had post presence. So it's been a great learning experience for me this season, as well. But just emphasizing that's where our athleticism is, and let's make someone block us out every time.

Q. Can you perhaps give some perspective on how the parity of the women's game has improved, and there's still a pretty significant point differential, particularly in first-round games? Do you see that changing?
GORDY PRESNELL: I think there's a handful of teams that get some really, really special players, and then the rest of us are battling like crazy. I think the home site thing is a humongous advantage, and we've done this, what, three times the last four years, and four times since I've been at Boise State, and we've got to figure out some way to get to that 11 or 12 seed so that we can play on a neutral floor because I truly believe on a neutral floor we can compete with some teams in the tournament. That's on us, and we've got to figure out -- and on our league, and we've got to figure out a way to be able to do that, because it's frustrating, last year I think we were 46 RPI going into the tournament, and we're a 13 seed at UCLA. So we've just got to get a little bit better so that we can get someone on a neutral floor and see what we can do.

Q. Kind of as a follow-up to that, when you guys are playing really well in conference play, winning your conference tournament and you're considered to be one of the top teams and then all of a sudden you come into the NCAA Tournament and it's kind of flipped on its head, how does that feel to kind of have that dichotomy?
GORDY PRESNELL: I don't know, that -- I guess we're the 64th best team in the tournament if we're a 16, or we could be a 61. I think our RPI was actually a little bit better and there's some travel accommodations met, so we went from a 14 or 15 to a 16. I don't know, we're just going to come in here tomorrow and compete our tails off and see where we're at. We've great respect for their program and great respect for their coaching staff and what they're accomplishing here, and we want to get everything we can out of this. We want to enjoy every second. We're going to observe every second. We have one senior that plays a lot, we have one junior that plays a lot, and everyone else has got two years in our program. We have the 46th ranked recruiting class in the country. It's the first time we've even been in the top 100, and we've got some great kids coming. We've got a kid that led the Spanish national team in scoring that's sitting out this year on our team, a kid from Kansas sitting out. So we think who we have returning and who we have coming in that maybe we can get to that next little notch we want to so that maybe if we're sitting here next year, we're at a neutral site.

Q. A couple of the players said that they've seen Louisville play on TV before, and it's certainly a tough task with a team with only two losses. How do you normalize the game and not let the moment get too big?
GORDY PRESNELL: You know, we let our players handle some of that. If you know Riley, she's a pretty tough kid, and she's really competitive, and so I don't think she's in awe of much of anything. Shay -- we've walked into Tennessee and Pauley Pavilion and some of those places, so this is a great opportunity. I don't know what's expected of us, but we're going to come in and we will try our very hardest, and we're going to defend and we're going to try to handle their ball screen and try to figure out something to do with Asia Durr on the ball screen in the next 24 hours and just see what happens.

I'm proud of our team. We are so young. I'm so proud of them. I'm proud of their grit and I'm proud of their toughness. We worked a lot on toughness this year. And I'm proud of our conference, too. You know, we have four teams at NIT, and our league will be better next year. We are a very, very young league, and everyone is going to be better next year, and you're going to hear about the Mountain West Conference in the future.

Q. You've alluded to the neutral floor advantage or the lack of a neutral floor advantage. Do you see that evolving? Do you think there will be a point where the women's tournament is not played on campus sites or home sites?
GORDY PRESNELL: You know, I don't know. I can only control what I can control, and what I can control is we've got to figure out a way to schedule better or win some games or not get hurt or whatever those things are so that we can be an 11 or 12 and be hopefully in the thick of it.

But it's hard to play a whole season and then end up at Tennessee or UCLA or in this case a No. 1 seed, Louisville. But they've earned that right, and that's the rules, and they get to host. So welcome in here, and we appreciate all they've done. It's an incredible facility. We have an incredible facility back in Boise that some teams are playing in, too. I think Kentucky is down there today. But we're just honored to be here and honored to represent our conference and our school and honored to play Louisville.

Q. You mentioned the recruiting class that you guys have coming in. How have the prior NCAA Tournament experiences helped with that aspect of putting Boise State on that kind of scale?
GORDY PRESNELL: You know, there's not a whole lot of teams in the west that get to the tournament regularly, and we feel like we've gone three of the last four years where that's beginning to be regularly, so that is something that we're selling as hard as we can, and we feel like we have a good conference. We feel like we have a great university, a progressive university, and so we do have a good group coming, and we have the No. 3 scorer in the nation coming in out of high school, 36 points a game. So we're looking forward to the future of our program and the future of our conference.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Arica, as you've taken a look at this Boise State team, they've got a pretty potent guard combination in Lupfer and Hermida. What have you seen about them and how you plan on going after them?
ARICA CARTER: Well, we just plan on coming out and playing our game, focusing on the dribble drive because that's been a big part of our game that we need to get better at. So we just plan on coming out and playing hard and keeping people in front of us.

Q. For both players, it's been about 20 years since the last 16 beat a 1. How hard is it to work up the amount of worry that your coach might want you to feel right now?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: We're not getting caught up in the 1 and 16 seeds. We're just focusing mainly on playing our game, and that'll take care of itself if we play our game.

ARICA CARTER: Yeah, like she said, we've just got to come out and play hard, play every possession like it matters, and give all effort.

Q. You guys have been off now for 11 or 12 days. What have you done over this last period to stay sharp?
ARICA CARTER: We've practiced hard. We've had conditioning days to make sure our fitness stays up, and we've watched a lot of film to make sure we're mentally focused, and we just made sure that we're staying focused both mentally and physically by going hard in practices and being smart in what we do.

Q. You guys have had some losses here in early rounds at home before; how do you get over those types of losses and regroup?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: My sophomore year when we lost here to DePaul, the year after that, we beat Tennessee, so I mean, it's moving on to the next one. It's not worrying about what happened in the past, it's staying present, and just playing our game. If we play our game, I feel real confident in what we can do.

Q. For either of you, when you look at this field with Marquette and Dayton and Boise State, what stands out about what they could do to try to topple you all as a top seed aside from the whole seeding thing?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Every team brings something different. So I'm just excited to get out there and play. That's really what I know I'm focused on, my teammates are focused on, just going out there and playing our hardest and not getting carried away with who we're playing or what round it is.

ARICA CARTER: Like she said, we've just got to come out and be focused. Every team is going to come out and give their best punch at the end of the year, and every team wants to win. Nobody cares what seed a team is. So we've just got to come out and play hard, and we can't worry about what the other team is doing and just focus on what we need to do.

Q. For both of you, one of your assistant coaches who will remain unnamed has called this basically a two-game tournament three times. Your reaction to that, your thoughts on that?
ARICA CARTER: I mean, it is. Like I said before, every team is coming out to play hard. We've got to give our best. We've got to give our all and just go out there and play our game. I mean, there's nothing more I can say about that.

Q. Arica, at the end of the season you were strong shooting from the three-point line, and I just wonder if you had progressed to do that, something that came along in your game, and did you think of that for the team?
ARICA CARTER: Well, I mean, I just worked on my game in all areas, and the three-point shot is what has been the most successful so far. Teams keep giving me that shot, so when I shoot it, I'm confident. My teammates have instilled confidence in me as well as my coaches, so when I'm open, I know I'm going to knock it down.

Q. Is it kind of lonely out there beyond the three-point line when you go up for your jumper and then it's not like a rebound, you've kind of got the spotlight right on you on a three-point shot?
ARICA CARTER: No, it's not lonely. I mean, it's exciting because it's a wide-open shot. I'll take it.

Q. Myisha, what does it mean to you being a senior and getting another chance to play here in front of this fan base?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: I'm excited. My senior night, I just kept thinking back, I'm like, I'll be back here, it's not like I won't be back because we're going to host the first two rounds, so I'm excited, and this is actually right now going to be the last time I'll be in the Yum! Center, so let's just go out and win these two games.

Q. A lot has been made about banners in this building. How big would it be for you ladies to hang a banner, especially Myisha, in your senior year?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: It would be really exciting. But we're not getting ahead. We're just going to take one game at a time. Never get too ahead or worry about the banners or cutting down Nets or the trophies. We're just going to take it one game at a time, and then it'll take care of itself.

JEFF WALZ: We have two of them hanging, but you might not have ever seen them. They're kind of over on the side. (Laughter.)

Q. In terms of compartmentalizing the whole two-game-at-a-time thing, obviously the scenario is that you all don't have to leave the state before you get to the Final Four. How much can you look forward to that in terms of continuity, practice, just really being an hour away to the next round? How much of that is motivation?
ARICA CARTER: I think it's great. We have the best fans in the country, so for them to be able to travel just an hour away is going to be amazing. I already know they're going to pack the house. They're going to be the loudest ones in the gym, so I think the fact that we're so close to home, having our fans there is going to be amazing.

Q. Myisha, I wonder if you could comment on how you've seen the depth of the field grow in the women's tournament; there's still a lot of lopsided scores, maybe even more so than the men. Do you think we're getting any closer to parity?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Yes. I mean, this game has grown so much, and I feel like over the years you see a lot of different players and their game develop. I know you're not seeing girls in the game right now dunking, but like you'll see it on Instagram like them working out and them throwing down dunk and the handles that some girls have, the three-point shot. So I feel like the game has grown a lot because girls are more confident in themselves, thinking that they can compete with the guys. But it's not always competing against the guys, it's mainly competing against yourself and pushing yourself to become better, and once that happens, I mean, I feel like we can compete with anybody. Doesn't matter if you're a girl or you're a guy.

Q. I'm talking about the number of women's teams that are truly competitive in the tournament, and --
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Oh, sorry.

Q. As an elite team that you are, the expectation is that you're probably going to win most of your early games pretty handily. Has that changed during your career?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Yeah. A lot of teams are good. Like Coach Walz just said, yeah. Doesn't matter what seed you are, you're going to get someone's best shot, because like I was saying before, top down, girls are getting better, so they're getting spread out to different teams. It's not all one -- like the best players going to one team. They're getting spread out, and you can see it now.

JEFF WALZ: You just look at Marquette, a team that was at Notre Dame in overtime, lost to Tennessee in overtime. They're an 8 seed. I think the depth of women's basketball has expanded. You go back to Marquette's first game of the year, they went to New Mexico and lost at New Mexico. I think New Mexico finished sixth or seventh in the Mountain West. Boise won the Mountain West. So I think that speaks volumes that you've got a team that finished sixth or seventh in conference who the winner is a 16 seed. I just think it shows that our game is getting there. Do we still have a ways to go? Yeah. But you know, you go back seven, eight years ago, it was kind of whoever the top four seeds were were going to the Final Four, where now you've got a Baylor team who's No. 2 in the AP and coaches' poll who's a No. 2 seed. So it just shows the depth of our game.

Sorry about that.

Q. Everyone on your team with the exception of the freshmen has obviously had the chance to last year play the first two rounds at home and be successful. Why do you think that was so successful last year? What did you guys learn from those two games here last season?
ARICA CARTER: I think it's like we talked about this year, just being focused on the opponent in front of you, not thinking forward to the next game. We have to win the first game to get to the next game, so you can never overlook anybody.

I think that's what it is, focusing on the opponent that we have to face, and also focusing on ourselves, making sure that we play our game and not let anybody change us.

Q. Just a quiz for you two: On Monday night after Boise State found out that they were playing you, one of their players made the comment that I'm not sure if the Louisville girls actually know where we are. So I guess my question is do you two know where Boise State is.
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Idaho.

JEFF WALZ: We have the utmost respect for them. At 23-9, you win your regular season and conference championship, you're a good basketball team.

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: I was going to get it right. We know where they are.

Q. For both of you, as the No. 1 seed there's a reward of getting to play at home and better draw or whatever the theory is. But there are also expectations when you're a No. 1 seed. Do you guys feel the expectations?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Being the No. 1 seed? Like AC was saying, we've just going to take it one game at a time. We're never going to get caught up in what our ranking is, and just mainly just focused on ourselves because it'll take care of itself.

ARICA CARTER: I agree with what Myisha said. We can't think about the pressure of what everybody else thinks outside, we can only focus on our people, our circle inside, and come out and play as hard as we can every game.

Q. At this point of the season, how are roles kind of defined? Obviously with how the game unfolds determines that, but in terms of how some players, some of your teammates are playing, how do you kind of see things changing for some of the other players on the bench?
ARICA CARTER: This far in the year everybody knows their role. There's no changing it tomorrow because it's tomorrow, it's a new game. No, everybody knows their role and what they need to come out and do for the team to be successful.

Q. Do you see anybody who could have a bigger role, or is anybody capable right now?
ARICA CARTER: I mean, our whole team is capable of coming out and doing something that might surprise you, but that's not their goal, they're not coming out thinking, oh, I'm going to do this tonight. No, everybody knows what they need to do.

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Yeah, AC said it right. Roles are already made. Just because we're in the NCAA Tournament now, you can't try to do something you haven't been doing this whole season. So I mean, everyone has been playing well, and you never know who's going to step up. Every game you have someone different step up, whether it shows up on the stats sheet or not. Everyone knows their role and what they're capable of doing, and we know what they're capable of doing, and the coaches do, too.

Q. She's not here so I have to ask about her; talk about Asia's play this year. Bleacher Report specifically called her the Michael Jordan of women's college basketball. Would you two kind of like to weigh in on that?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: That's something -- that's high up there, Michael Jordan. I mean, that's impressive. But Asia, she's just a phenomenal player. She wants the best, not only for herself but for her teammates, and she puts her teammates first, and that's one of the things I love most about her. She's never caught up in how many points she scored or what Bleacher Report is saying or the outsiders are saying. It's about us first, and she wants the team to be successful, and whatever she has to do, she'll do it for us to be successful. That's one thing I love most about her. That's what I have to say about her.

ARICA CARTER: I agree with what Myisha said. She's a great teammate, and she's always there for us even when she might be in the struggle, she's always trying to pick somebody else up. I see that in a lot of players, especially top players. She focuses on her teammates. When she's off, of course she might be down, but then you can't even tell sometimes because she's always just working hard and doing whatever else she can to help the team.

Q. Do you think it helps that you guys haven't really been a perennial 1 seed like Notre Dame or UConn, you guys have that experience of kind of going into some match-ups deemed the underdog?
JEFF WALZ: You know what, being a 1 seed is an honor. There's no question about it. It's what you've done the entire year. It's your body of work. These young women have done a fantastic job day in and day out. But now we just throw all that out. We don't -- we know we have a four-team tournament, you've got to win the first to get to the second. And nobody cares what seed you are.

Being a 1 seed is fantastic, like I said. It shows you what you've done throughout the year. But we've had a lot of success as a 3 and a 5, gone on to play in Final Fours and National Championships. The one thing that makes March so special, both men's basketball and women's basketball, is the best team doesn't always win. It's whoever is playing the best basketball that night. You know, I go back to '13 when we beat Baylor. If that was a best of five, I don't like my chances. But it's not, it's one game. And that's where you get into a situation where you start making shots and the ball starts going in, and then a call here or there, a 50/50 call, ball goes off of somebody's foot, it gets given back to you, those are the things you can't control. So that's what makes it so special.

I've said it all along, it's not always the best team wins. It's whoever is playing the best that night. And that's what you've got to do as a coach, you've got to do as players, you've got to make sure you're playing your best, and I feel good about where we are right now. I think the ACC Tournament was something that we have talked about. You go 3-0 in a tournament, you win a tournament championship by a total of 10 points. It's not like we blew anybody out. We're down 12, I believe, to Virginia Tech in the first half, down eight or nine to NC State, and our kids don't panic. We've been in those spots before. You've just got to keep working, keep grinding, and like these young women said, we take care of ourselves. Instead of being worried about all the time what the opponent is going to do, we try to focus on us, what we have to do. You know, we know what we have to do in order to hopefully advance.

Q. Following up on your point about the close margin in the ACC, what do you think those kind of wins really show about this team in terms of its focus and resolve, and like you said, you're not blowing out anybody, but you're getting these close wins?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I think it shows the maturity of them. You know, they can go back on their experience. We're up six, I think, six or seven to Notre Dame with about four and a half, five to go, and they cut it to one, and I didn't call a time-out. There was no need to call a time-out. Our players know what to do. It was just a matter of executing, relaxing, taking care of business, and they cut it to one. We executed the offense, man gets the ball reversed, Myisha makes a little 15-foot jump shot, and now as the game gets under a minute, I've got three time-outs to work with. And I think that's where we are right now right now with this group. Sure, I might have to call a time-out here or there, but it's not something I feel I have to do to bail them out, where it's like, oh, my gosh, I've got to stop this. They're mature enough. They've got enough experience that we know exactly what we have to do to be able to stop momentum from the other team, and that could be a defensive stop or execute at the offensive end.

Q. Gordy Presnell, head coach there, has been there for 13 years. What do you know about Gordy?
JEFF WALZ: Great guy. I just had the opportunity to talk to him after our meeting. He's got a great program. He's a very good coach. You know, they lost their post player early in the year to an injury, so he's had to adjust how he kind of likes to play, and I think they've done a very good job, and I think that's what a good coach does.

You know, sure, you might have a system, but if something happens where someone gets injured, if you can't run the system, you change, and I think that's when you realize somebody can coach, when they're willing and able to make changes.

We know that they're going to do some different things at the defensive end of the floor. We're going to have to stay patient and just make sure we realize and can recognize what's going on. But he does a great job, and they're a really, really good basketball team.

Q. Following up on the parity angle, there are men's coaches who when Kentucky shows up they stop recruiting a player, figuring that it's a lost cause. Do you have the same experience with UConn, or are there coaches that do, and how do you deal with that?
JEFF WALZ: No, I mean, if we had that philosophy, Asia Durr wouldn't be sitting here playing for us because she was recruited by everybody in the country. You know, there's enough players -- we're getting more players that are at a high caliber that UConn can only take so many. You've only got so many, and the thing about Geno, which I laugh about, is everybody talks about, well, 15 scholarships is too many, Geno is stockpiling. No, he doesn't. He's got like 10 or 11, that's it, every year. If you look at his bench, you know, he always has some walk-ons or some players that he ends up putting on scholarship, I think, but he's not out there with a full 15.

You know, we have 12 right now on scholarship, and Jess was a walk-on starting the year. We added her on scholarship because she's worked extremely hard. But most of your top, top programs, it's hard to keep 15 players happy. You know, now if you redshirt a couple, which I think is great, but if you don't, boy, it's hard.

I think if you have that mindset of I'm going to stop recruiting them because UConn calls them or Baylor calls them or whoever else, it's not really a smart philosophy to have. You know, so we keep recruiting, but I do say it all the time in recruiting: The most important aspect of recruiting is know what kids you can't get. It's not know which ones you can get, because if you spend too much time on the kids you can't get, it's going to affect you on the one that you might be able to get. So that's what we talk about all the time as a staff is, hey, let's get in there and let's get to know the player, let's get to know the support system around that player and find out.

If mom is going, I don't want my baby to go away from home and I'm doing a home visit in California, I mean, I've got a pretty good feeling I'm not getting her. So that's when you've got to -- you might still recruit her, but I'm not putting all my eggs in that basket.

Q. They won their league, they won their league tournament, they've won 10 in a row. What did the committee miss, or why are they seeded 16? Seems like they're better than that.
JEFF WALZ: Well, I mean, I'm not privy to be in that room. But I know they are a very good basketball team and have got an RPI of about 110, 111, and I've got a lot of respect for them. There's no question about that. I was surprised to see them as a 16, and I think if you watch the selection show, from their expression, I think they were surprised to be a 16.

But you're going to have to play somebody. That's what I say all the time. Everybody talks about this draw, that draw, this bracket, that bracket. You've got to play somebody. I mean, it comes down to what are you going to do, everybody is sitting there telling me, you want to be opposite UConn, you want to be opposite UConn. I'm like, why. They're like, well, you don't want to play them in the semis. That's the only time he's lost in the Final Four is in the semis. So why not play them in the semis? He kicked our ass twice in the finals. So it's a mindset. It's how you take it. And if you've got the approach that it's the next game -- like we have to worry about this one here tomorrow. Believe me, our kids will not overlook Boise because I'm not. I've got way too much respect for Gordy and the staff and their players, and then if we're fortunate enough to advance, believe me, Marquette and Dayton are two really good basketball teams, very well-coached that play hard, and they're going to present some problems to us.

But we will not look past tomorrow, and if something happens and if we lose, I promise you, it's not because we didn't have respect for Boise State, because we do.

Q. Going off of that, when you look at the losses here to Dayton and DePaul, was there a common thread that allowed that to happen?
JEFF WALZ: Well, we lost up in Albany to Dayton in the Sweet 16. So that wasn't here. And our game against DePaul, match-ups are a big part of this game, and three years ago when we played them here, it was a bad matchup for us, and we knew it when the draw came out. They all shoot threes, they spread the floor, and you know, we have some players that are more traditional back-to-the-basket post players, and they really -- they shot -- their 5 player I think had two or three threes in the first half. So match-ups dictate a lot. You look at the men's game, and all of a sudden it's like, golly, why is this supposed to be a close game, and then you realize, well, the opponent has got four players that can shoot threes, and who they're playing is a traditional two-post offense.

So I'm not concerned about what's taken place in the past. Our players know that we have gone on the road and won a bunch of times in this tournament. So once the games start up, you know, it's -- anybody has a chance to win.

Q. You referenced it earlier, you have a couple banners hanging in this gym. Talk about how hard it is to get one of those banners and how badly you want to hang another one.
JEFF WALZ: It's difficult. It's one thing I would say, people really don't understand, I think, at times how hard it is to get to a National Championship game, to get to a Final Four. Everybody is trying for the same thing.

You know, it takes a special group, and I think we have a special group, and then it takes a little luck. I don't care what anybody says. It takes a little bit of luck. You've got to prepare, and that's what I tell our players. You have to prepare and prepare as hard as you can, so when that opportunity comes, your preparation meets a little luck, and that's fine.

Now, you can't sit there and just pray for luck and not prepare. That's really not a smart thing to do. So it's something that we put in front of us. It's our goal. In '14 we lose here in the Elite 8 game with a chance to get back to the Final Four. I mean, it's tough. There's no question about it, and that's one of the reasons I give the utmost respect to UConn and Geno. He makes it look easy. I promise you, it's not.

Q. I asked the ladies earlier about all the headlines that Asia has been garnering throughout the year. How has it been coaching her, and talk about how just overall talented your team is? Obviously the ladies sitting directly to your right are very talented in their own right.
JEFF WALZ: Yeah, we're a ballclub that when we come out and we play hard and we play together, we're really good. You know, as good as Asia is, you know, she counts on her teammates, also, to help her. That night she had 47 up there at Ohio State, it's not just because it's all one-on-one. It was within the offense. She had about three or four where she just came down out of transition and scored. The rest of them were out of the offense, kids getting great screens for her, her reading screens, getting the ball to her at the right time. So we count on each other.

Myisha has been a double-double just about every night she plays. It's really impressive. But part of that is because Sam boxes out her man and Myisha's man. So Myisha is able to get in there and clean things up. Sam is one that I don't think gets enough recognition of credit for what she does. If you watch our game, just watch Sam Fuehring. The kid is on the floor more than anybody that I've coached and is always in there mixing it up and defending and rebounding. She's taken, I think, about 40 charges on the season. Those are the things that you have to have. Sam and Myisha play extremely well together. And that's what's made our team so good.

Arica, I say it all the time, and for those of you who watch it, you understand what I'm saying, she's a perfect 15-and-over YMCA men's league player. There's nothing fancy. There's no behind-the-back, there's no hoop-di-do, there's nothing. She comes off a ball screen, takes her time, pull-up jump shot. She'll get the ball on ball reversal, she takes her time, straight into the shot. And I think that's what's makes her so good. She understands the game. She's got a high basketball IQ, and those are the things you can't teach. You either have that or you don't.

Her game, I think, someone asked about her three-point shot, the kid made zero three-pointers her freshman year. I mean, couldn't hit the broad side of a barn, and just got in the gym. She's worked at it. She's worked and worked and worked, and she is a testimony of what is hard to find these days because a lot of players are like, well, I went in the gym for the past week and I shot extra, but I haven't gotten better. Well, AC has been doing it for three years now, and finally the rewards of all the work that she's put in, she's starting to reap. And that's what's so exciting about her as a person and a player.

And Asia is the same way. Asia is the first one in the gym, the last one out of the gym. But what I love about this ballclub is you can go back to our Notre Dame, end of the third quarter, I think it was Pittsburgh or end of the third quarter when Asia hits those threes fading out of bounds, and the bench is the first one out there to congratulate her. They're all excited for her. But then if you would have seen Asia's face when Myisha was named MVP of the ACC Tournament, she's the first one to give her a hug. She's the first one in the pressroom that's got a tear in her eye, so excited about winning. She didn't even make first- or second-team all-tournament team, but she was excited for Jaz, who's had a wonderful year for us, for Sam, for AC, and that's what makes this group so special. Our chemistry is wonderful.

I tell them all the time, you have to -- in order to be a great basketball program, you have to learn to respect each other's differences. You aren't going to be friends with everybody. It's impossible to be best friends with everybody. But you have to respect each other's differences. And that's what this ballclub does. There's some great friendships that have been made, but at the same time, you might like '80s music and you might like rap. You know what, we compromise, and that's what this ballclub has learned to do, they've learned to respect each other and care about each other.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Shay, you guys were hanging tough on the board there for most of the game until kind of midway through the third quarter. What let Louisville get that advantage?
SHALEN SHAW: I think we kind of weren't focused and focused in on what we needed to do. I think we let it slip away. And if we would have been focused, it would have been there.

Q. For Marta, did Louisville do anything to force that number of 3-point shots? Were they clogging the middle? What was Louisville's defense doing to frustrate you?
MARTA HERMIDA: I think that for this game, it was meant to be fear. And every opportunity that we have to get a 3-point shot, we did. I think we tried our best. We didn't make those 3s, so I hope next year we can do it better than that.

Q. For both of you, what was Kylee Shook doing out there today that was so effective against your defense?
SHALEN SHAW: She was picking and popping. We knew what she was going to do. It goes back to that focus thing. We just weren't focused in, and she was just hitting her shots and cutting and being where she needed to be, and we weren't where we were supposed to be.

MARTA HERMIDA: Yeah, same as Shay, what Shay said. Like she hurt us in the pick and pop, and we didn't hurt them in that way.

Q. For both of you, this has been a great, incredible season for you before this game. Just talk about the accomplishments that you did get done this year.
MARTA HERMIDA: I think it was a really, really good season. This is why we were really surprised when we were a 16 seed. But we played together. I am proud of every single one of my teammates and my coaches. That's all, I think. We tried our best in every single game that we played.

SHALEN SHAW: Yeah, I think that the beginning of the season, it was a little rough. We took a while to find ourselves. But when we did, we were really gelling together and really playing together.

Like Marta said, I'm really proud of our team.

Q. Going back to Kylee Shook, had you guys identified her as a 3-point threat? She only two 3s for the entire game, but they were both from that corner in a really short span of time.
SHALEN SHAW: Yeah, we knew she was more of a pick and pop post player. And then when she did get on the block, she was more of an additional post player. So she was a little bit of both, and we knew she was going to pick and pop.

When she was on the block, she was cutting and finding the open spot, which we weren't in the right spot to defend it. So yeah.

MARTA HERMIDA: What she said.

THE MODERATOR: Ladies, thank you very much.

Questions for coach.

Q. You mentioned your team had come out soft there in the third quarter. They had four lay-ups in the first 90 seconds. Were they being more aggressive to attack the rim, or did you guys ease off the defensive pressure?
GORDY PRESNELL: We went in at halftime thinking that they were getting in trouble, and we knew that they would up the intensity, up their level of performance, and would we be able to go up there with them.

And that first -- it must have been a minute and a half when I called time-out. And all of a sudden, the game's gotten away from us.

So that's them. I mean, there's a reason they're a No. 1 seed, and they just did a great job, and their pressure, the way they defended Riley was terrific.

You know, your question about the big kid, Shook. They put Shook and Durr in a pick and roll, and you've got to be able to stop. You've got to give up something. So we decided we'd give up the pick and pop and try to take away Durr. I mean, Ohio State gave up 47 not doubling her on the pick and roll. So that's what we did. She got free a few times.

Q. Did you want to take as many 3-pointers as you ended up doing? Is that a concession because of size?
GORDY PRESNELL: Right. There's a big difference and size, and they were -- we knew if we got Riley in a pick and roll, they were going to double her. So we thought pick and pops were always going to be open and os that was the shot that they gave us. We probably took too many, but that's the shot that we had we thought we could score on.

We haven't had a post presence since our all conference post player ECL'd in early December. And so that's just kind of the way it is. We've been a very consistent 3-point shooting team through the course of the year, but we haven't played, you know, No. 3 ranked team in the country either.

And so I think the rim shrunk on us, we got a little anxiety and a little tight. That's just the way it is.

That part I would do again because we don't really have a low post presence right now.

Q. Coach, what was it about Louisville's height or defensive pressure? What was the most bothersome, do you think, to your team?
GORDY PRESNELL: I thought we got good shots, but just the -- this sounds kind of crazy, but the sheer strength of the players. You know, if they got a hand on a hip, it's a little different, and they're very, very physically strong. They're very well taught.

Then their recovery, if they break down defensively in their closeouts, are quite good. That could have had something to do with our -- because we are open on a pick and pop, but maybe we we aren't open long enough. You know, they've got to close out, get a closeout.

Q. Coach, they've beaten Notre Dame twice and they played Connecticut, played a lot of good teams. Watching them on video and actually seeing them in person, anything impress you more, or did you see things that you hadn't seen on video?
GORDY PRESNELL: Well, you know, I was asked before the game a couple days ago or whatever, well, do you see any weaknesses or see anything?

And, yeah, I saw a few things, but not for us. You know, I saw what maybe some of the other teams could do against them. But once again, I'm proud of our team, and we're going to get there, and we got a pretty bright future ahead of us. We've got some young kids, got some great players coming in and some kids coming back from injury.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thank you.

GORDY PRESNELL: Thank you so much.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Kylee, those two corner 3s, had you been practicing from that spot, or why did you kind of pick that on back-to-back possessions?
KYLEE SHOOK: I mean, I just tried to go to the open area, because Coach Walz is always telling me make basketball cuts, make plays, and I just kind of found the open spot.

I do practice all the way around the 3-point line, but it was just open today so that's where I popped.

Q. Sam, what was the game plan in terms of pressuring them defensively and could you tell that they were responding negatively to your defensive pressure? It seems like you all had them rattled.
SAM FUEHRING: Going into it, we knew that we had to stop 21. She's a really good 3-point shooter. So we knew that we had to rattle them on defense because then we would probably get steals or turnovers. So yeah.

Q. Kylee, talk about your role coming in off the bench. You had a really great game today in the first game of the tournament.
KYLEE SHOOK: Thank you. Coach Walz is always telling me to be more aggressive because at the beginning of the season, I was soft. I'm getting there. But he says in order to play at this level because, I mean, we have Sam, Myisha, great players I have to come in after so I have to pick up my role. I mean, Myisha can get a rebound over anybody. Sam can score over anybody.

So my role coming in, I have to make an impact when I come in. Otherwise, there's no point for me to come in. So he always says just be aggressive.

Q. For all three of the players, the big difference here was points in the paint, 52 to 14. Was that something you were all were going to concentrate on when you were practicing? Was it something you saw that you could take advantage of? Just each one of you, how about that point in the paint advantage?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: That's one of the things that we were focused on, trying to get the ball inside and score inside because we have phenomenal post players who can score and make moves. Yeah, you're seeing it. Pointing to you, Mr. Ed.

(Laughter.)

KYLEE SHOOK: Like Myisha said, we just have good players.

SAM FUEHRING: Same.

Q. You're up ten at halftime. What was the mood? Was there concern, or did you figure that you were going to get it going in the third quarter?
SAM FUEHRING: We came out flat so we had to make a change somehow, whether that was to push the ball, run harder, or execute plays. But, yeah, we had to make a change because we were coming out flat.

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: Yeah, just like Sam said. We came out flat so once we started playing our game and, like, actually doing things that we normally do, that lead pushed.

The bench did a great job. Me and Sam didn't start off well today. Kylee and Bionca came off the bench and gave us a spark. That's when we went on the run.

I mean, the bench did a phenomenal job today with finding the rim, because we couldn't do it. Couldn't find the basket. So, I mean, everyone played a huge part in it. Once we played our game, we were able to pull away.

Q. Myisha, given the size disparity, the rebounding disparity, when they're taking 30 3-pointers, do you think they're playing into your hand?
MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: No. That's their game plan. That's what that team does is shoot 3s. I mean, we did a great job putting the hand up every time they shot the ball, trying to get out there and play them, make them put it on the floor.

So, I mean, that's their team, and that's what they do is shoot 3s so I wouldn't think that they would do something differently. I think we just did a great job guarding them.

Q. For Sam and Myisha, how have you guys seen Kylee develop this season, both on the offensive and defensive end of the floor?
SAM FUEHRING: She's gotten the chance to watch and ask questions and learn. She's always asking questions in practice. So with that, she learns.

I mean, I watch Kylee in practice too so I'll give her little helping details. So, I mean, overall, she's grown a lot.

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: She was thrown in the fire last year and, I mean, she responded well. But this year, she's gotten a chance to actually just watch and learn the game. And it's showing right now that she's actually wanting to learn and wanting to get better because the coaches challenge her, we challenge her every day just to be not the strongest one out there, but just try to go for a rebound, try to hold on to that rebound, or even try to alter a shot.

And Kylee's trying to get better at that, and I think that she is. Every day in practice, she tries to block shots, and that's one thing that we need from her is to, you know, alter a shot when a point guard -- well, a guard drives in the middle.

Just Kylee being there, her presence, I mean, I wish I had her height. Kylee's doing a good job.

Q. Coach Walz referenced it off the top. Big crowd out there today. How nice was it playing in front of that crowd? Do you notice the crowd during the game?
SAM FUEHRING: Yeah, I looked up in the stands and, well, besides the sides, there were no empty seats, really. So, I mean, the crowd was loud too. Really loud.

MYISHA HINES-ALLEN: I mean, Sam just hits it all in the middle. I mean, I can't really say. I was going to give him a shout-out after media's done.

I was going to give them a shout-out too because there was little kids there that should be in school. So that's awesome parents. Awesome bosses that allow, like, their employees to take a long lunch break just to stay and support us.

I mean, that crowd was there from the beginning to the end, so it wasn't like they stayed 'til halftime and then they got out of there. They were there the whole game cheering us on. So, I mean, that's impressive. I didn't know we would have a big turnout because of the time.

But Card Nation, you guys are the best. The best.

KYLEE SHOOK: I just think that our crowd picks us up sometimes when we get in like a little hole or we turn it over. I think that they do a good job of helping, like both of them said. They're a big part of Louisville.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies.

Questions for Coach.

Q. Jeff, I'm sure you've been asked this a lot about Asia. She struggled a little bit today, but kind of talk about that and what's going on right now. I know ever since she got that 47, she's kind of a marked girl out there.
JEFF WALZ: I mean, you know, she had some good looks today that just did not go in. I'm not concerned about it. I've told her to not be concerned about it.

Shooters have to shoot. I mean, it's what she does. She's the first one in the gym, the last one out of the gym. I'm kind of telling her to just take a break. Sometimes, you can get out there and just mess with your mind so much, keep practicing, keep practicing. Just take a break, you know, put your feet up and don't worry about it.

But overall, three assists and one turnover, I thought she actually took a few tough shots and then passed down some ones that she normally takes. And that's what I'll show her tonight is I can't have her turning down good looks, especially at times she kind of had one or two in front of our bench that she had good looks and then over penetrated, and it turns into a turnover, a tough pass. Just take the good shot.

I feel pretty confident that, you know, she'll get back. I'm not worried about it.

But that's what makes our team so good. You know, you've got Bionca Dunham puts ten on the board; Kylee Shook, 14; Sam, 14. I mean, our two leading scorers, Asia with 9 and Myisha with 4, and we still put up 74 against a pretty good ball club.

Q. Coach, that leads me right into the question I was going to ask you. The first day of the tournament, having most of your production coming from unlikelier places, does that give you a lot more confidence going forth in the tournament, knowing that you can get production from all the way down the bench?
JEFF WALZ: Sure it does. You know, I tell them all the time, I told them before the game started today, when I put you out there, you've got to do something positive. Now, it doesn't mean you have to score, but you might get a rebound, fox out, good deflection, but do something positive.

Just taking up space is not going to count. And I thought everybody that came out -- I thought Bionca and Kylee came in in that first half and really gave us a huge spark, kind of got things going.

Bionca runs the floor so hard, she gets a 3-point, you know, an and-1, and then Kylee hits back-to-back 3s. They kind of gave us a little separation.

And then we went stagnant in the second quarter. I don't think we scored for about four minutes, but we defended. You know, I don't think they scored but two points or three over those four minutes that we didn't score.

So defensively, I was really proud of the group. I thought we did a really nice job in the areas that we had talked about we have to do well in.

But, you know, that's why you play the next game. We're fortunate enough to move on. I'm not going to worry about what Asia did, what Myisha did. More so show them areas of, you know, just go up strong.

Myisha had the one in the first half where they pressed us, we threw a nice pass like three quarter of the court, and she waited for the girl to come over instead of just powering up through her for a lay-up.

So we'll show things like that. But, no, I'm not concerned about her at all.

Q. Jeff, you're up ten at halftime and outscored them 8-0 in the first 90 seconds, all of it at the rim. Did you tell your team to be more aggressive and attack the rim in the third quarter?
JEFF WALZ: Yeah. We had just talked about we've got to get the ball in the paint. Our posts weren't doing a great job of holding their seals.

Finally, you know, we executed a few times to Jaz there on alley-oop plays that she finishes up by the rim.

But it's not a difficult game, and that's something that we really kept talking to them about. Guys, keep it simple. When you go to our dribble handoff, dive hard to the basket. Something good's going to happen.

We started to do that, and we started to get some lay-ups and then started to get some open jump shots. We executed perfect starting the second -- the third quarter. You know, we had two plays drawn up, one for man, one for zone. They came out man. Arica executes it perfectly and gets about a 12-foot pull-up jump shot, which is what she makes. So I was really proud of them.

Then we came up with some stops and got things going. I told them before the game started, it's not about seedings. The men's side, it's the same thing. It's all about momentum. You've got to take advantage of the momentum when you get it.

In the first half, we hit back-to-back 3s. We've got the momentum. And then we turn it over two of the next three times. Like you can't do that. You gave it back to them.

Even there in the third quarter, I think we got it up to about 24, 25. We had scored, they come down and get a turnover, and now we're coming down ready to really knock it out. We get an illegal screen called on us, and then we fall down at the elbow, the girl shoots a leg up. Then taking the ball out of bounds, we turn it over. That killed momentum.

And those are the things, that's all we preach about this time of the year.

Q. What's been the biggest challenge of getting Kylee to kind of play up to her full potential? Why do you think that she had that game against Air Force a couple weeks ago, but usually it's when other people are down, she steps up. It's not kind of all at once.
JEFF WALZ: No. I tell her all the time, she has to stop tiptoeing through the tulips. I mean, she's the sweetest little thing. She'll walk in, 6'4", really dainty. I say, will you knock the -- out of somebody. You know, be aggressive. When she starts to do that, good things happen for her.

She's always been used to shooting the 3. It's what she did in high school. When you're 6'4" in high school, there aren't many that you play against that are 6'4". So for her, she could catch, turn around and score, or she stretched it out and shot 3s. Well, now we're trying to work on her back-to-the-basket game some. It's not her strong suit right now, and we know that so it's just continuing to work with her.

But she started a majority of our conference season last year, so it's not like she hadn't played in games. She's very familiar with what she has to do. I was proud of her tonight for getting ten boards.

Q. It's not often that you have Kylee, Bionca, Sam, Myisha kind of all on their game at the same time. Where does this rank among other games this season in terms of your post play?
JEFF WALZ: I thought our post play from the bench was the best that we've had. Now, Myisha, rebounding-wise, she gets 14; but offensively, this was nowhere close to what we're used to seeing.

And that's the encouraging thing. I'm just telling you, for me, I don't look at it as, man, we got problems. I'm excited to know we just scored 74 points. Asia gets 9, Myisha gets 4, and we're able to extend the lead.

That's what you have to have. You have to have depth. You've got to. Somebody's going to have a bad night. If you rely on one person and they have an off night, you've got problems.

I'm really excited what they were able to do. I was excited with Dana. I thought she came in and did some good things for us. You know, it's what we need. We need contributions from everybody.

I got to change your bedtime, Tim. You're making me yawn! I'm up at 5:15 every morning. I can't figure it out.

Q. They took, I think, 30 of their 59 shots from 3. Did you feel like their only chance to beat you was take that many 3s and hope 12, 15 of them go in?
JEFF WALZ: Well, we knew that's what they were going to probably lean towards doing, because they do shoot the 3 well. Now, I was surprised that they took 30 of them. They got 30 off. But I thought we defended them pretty darn well out there.

You know, I think it's a smart game plan. They spread the floor. They were trying to make us guard all over, and that's the one thing about our post players. We don't have the traditional 6'5", big, low block, take up space. All of ours can get out and guard.

And I think that's what made it difficult for them to get the 3 off was, you know, Sam, Myisha, Bionca, Kylee, even on a switch were out there causing them problems.

Q. You were talking about depth, and as the games get closer, are you likely to go with a much shorter bench?
JEFF WALZ: Well, here's what I'll do. I'll give them all a chance, but the amount of time they're out there is going to depend on what they do. You know, I've told them that. They all know. It's like, guys, there is no give me a few minutes to play through a couple turnovers. No. That's not how it works at this time of the year.

And that's why I was so excited for them, because they came in and, all of a sudden, they give us positive energy. So now, all of a sudden, if you turn it over, it's not a bad thing because you've given us some positive productivity.

It's like ACC championship game, I didn't play many. I didn't put the minutes around that much. But at the same time, what's great about our team is Myisha played really well in that ACC championship game. So after the game, I'd be like now, B, would you want me to take her out and put you in? They're like oh, no, no. She's doing great.

So our kids know if somebody's doing well, they just don't want playing time. They want to win. And that's what has separated our ball club this year, I think from teams in the past. They all care about winning. It's all they want to do.

If somebody gets three minutes and we win, great. If they have to go in and play 20, that's great too. So that's what separates them is they're genuinely excited for each other.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

JEFF WALZ: Thank you, everybody. Appreciate it.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports



Q. Having seen what happened on the men's side last night with the 16 beating a 1, how important is it to not take any seed lightly when you're playing in these early rounds?
SAM FUEHRING: Being in the NCAA Tournament, you've got to expect that everyone is good. You can't take anyone lightly because it's March Madness, too, so anything can happen. Teams are at their best level, and they can compete with anyone.

Q. Sam, when you look back on your defensive effort yesterday, what did you like, and what do you feel like you've got to really kind of turn up against Marquette, considering they kind of pride a lot of their opportunities on defense, as well?
SAM FUEHRING: I liked our pressure yesterday. I feel like we have to turn that over to Marquette because, I mean, we can probably force turnovers, and we have to stay in front of them, as well. That's something that we struggled a little bit against Boise State, but being in front of Marquette, because they drive a lot, it's going to help us defensively.

ASIA DURR: I would say the same thing that Sam said. I think we did a good job pressuring the ball against Boise State, but Marquette, they're a great team that they drive really, really well. We have to do a better job of staying in front of them and playing in the gap, as well.

Q. Kind of a follow-up, when a player like Natisha has I think it was 32 points and that many threes, what's the challenge in really trying to face guard her? Is it really like pressing her or just making sure that she's just accounted for at all times?
ASIA DURR: You have to stay very aggressive with her. You have to know where she is at all times. I mean, it's the same thing that Coach Walz tells us all the time. You've got to stay in front. You've got to make them take tough shots, shoot over us.

I think we'll be fine. We are truly excited about this game, so we just have to play hard and have fun. I mean, no game is guaranteed, so this could be our very last game, so we've just got to go out there and just play hard and have fun.

SAM FUEHRING: To add on to what Asia said, I feel like we do have to stay in front. We can't bail them out when they do drive. We can't give them easy buckets. If No. 5 goes for 32, good for her. We're going to try our best for her not to do that.

Q. (No microphone.)
SAM FUEHRING: That could be an advantage to them, but we also have a bench that can do that for us. While they're out on the floor running, we have a bench that's resting, so that can be an advantage to us.

ASIA DURR: I would say the same thing that Sam said. Yeah, they're a very great team. They all can score. But it's just going to come down to who wants it more. We've just got to be fun. At this time, it's just fun. Like he just stated, Virginia lost their first-round game, which is crazy. But at this time you're going to get every team's best shot, and we've got to take it as a challenge and just have fun with that.

Q. Do you all see similarities between yourselves and Marquette defensively in terms of turning defense into offense?
ASIA DURR: Yes, I would say yes. They both like to pressure the ball. They play very fast. We try to play fast, as well. I would say yes, we do some things kind of the same, but I mean, it's going to come down to, like I said, who wants it more. Defense is, like Sam just said, who wants to get more stops and things like that. It's going to be fun.

SAM FUEHRING: Watching them yesterday, I saw a similarity with transition, too. I saw that they like to push the ball. Anyone can bring it up for them, so yep.

Q. Their coach said she thought you guys had a size advantage on them, but they might have a quickness advantage on you at some positions. Is that how you guys see it?
SAM FUEHRING: I don't think height matters to be honest. It's all about heart, if you want to work hard or if you don't. Whoever works hard will win the game.

ASIA DURR: It definitely comes down to who plays harder. They do have quick guards, but so do we. We have good posts. They do, too. It's going to be a great game, but we've got to stay with the game plan, follow what the coaching staff gives us, and just play hard.

Q. Asia, we've peppered your coach and teammates the last few days about your shooting and scoring, that kind of thing. How have you kind of really kept focused on the big picture and feel like the scoring will kind of fall into place?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, scoring will always come into place for this team first. We got the win. We've been playing great as a team, but we've been -- each game we take the next step, which is huge, especially at this time of the year. I mean, it's team first. We're getting ready for this next game tomorrow.

Scoring will come as you play hard, so I'm not too concerned about that.

Q. Scoring-wise, when you see the kind of looks that you got, is that the kind of thing that encourages you to say, okay, at some point they're going to start falling like they did before?
ASIA DURR: Yeah, I mean, I've spent a whole lot of time on my game my whole life, so it's definitely going to come down to just staying confident, trusting my teammates, trusting my coaching staff, as well. My shot will fall, so I'm not concerned about that. Yeah, and just stay calm, stay with the game plan. It's not so much about scoring, you've just got to stay with the game plan, trust your teammates, and stay with the process.

Q. Final opportunity to play in the Yum! Center in front of your fans. How big of an advantage or how much do you feed off of having your home crowd here?
SAM FUEHRING: It's a big advantage. Last night's game we had 7,000 people, over 7,000 people. They blew off the roof, and just having it here at the KFC Yum! is a total advantage because they've got our backs, and the crowd does so much for us when we play. It means a lot, and it's a big advantage.

ASIA DURR: I feel like we have the best fans in the country. I've been saying that throughout the whole year. I'm truly excited just because this is our last game here, so I mean, I know our fans are going to be here. They're going to be loud like they have been throughout the whole year. I mean, it's so much fun playing in front of them and playing here because it gets so loud. Tomorrow is going to be a great game, so they're definitely going to be loud.

Q. Is it different as a player when you play in environments where there's 800, 900, 1,200 people and then in front of 7,000, and does it affect you guys?
SAM FUEHRING: It does. I feel like having like 90 people versus 7,000, it's quiet. Like you can hear your bench talking, and it's kind of like -- it's not really fun. Playing with 7,000 you have people screaming your name. Like I hear people when I inbound the ball, I hear people talking to me. So it just gets us going.

ASIA DURR: You can definitely tell the difference between a 90-fan game or a 7,000 or 8,000 game. Like as a player, you try to not -- stay as focused with the fans and the crowd, you just try to stay tuned in with the game. I mean, it's hard, too, yeah. We played at some places where there's not that many fans there, but you've just got to stay with your team.

Q. I'm not comparing Marquette to UMBC because they're a good team, almost beat Notre Dame on the road, but you're a 1 seed. Did you watch Virginia last night, and is that something you address with your team as a target that you guys have?
JEFF WALZ: I actually fell asleep at halftime, so I watched for the first half. It was at 21-all, and then I was exhausted. I didn't realize until this morning. I've said all along, the seeding is something they have to do to put the teams in a bracket. But then after that, I'm just a big believer it's all about momentum. It's not about seeding, it's momentum. You have to seize the momentum when you get it, and you might get one opportunity, you might get five, you might get six. But when you get momentum on your side, you've got to run with it.

You know, when you can turn a 4-0 run into a 10-0 run, a 12-0 run, that can knock a team out. That's the part right now at this time of year that I think separates who's going to finish with a win.

So we just have really talked about that. Now, the kids talked about it at breakfast, about the men's game and what went on, but I did not get a chance to see it, so I'm looking forward to seeing some highlights.

Q. How do you follow up yesterday's performance defensively? What things do you feel like you can improve on, even the things that you liked yesterday that you can improve on?
JEFF WALZ: Sure. It's been a year where we've actually defended well the entire season. We led the ACC in defensive points allowed during the conference play. We've been pretty consistent game in and game out, and each game presents a different scenario.

Tomorrow, Marquette's ability to push the ball in transition is phenomenal, not just -- I've really been impressed with how hard they play, how they play. You know, you just look at their stats, and I don't have yesterday's included in their stat sheet here, but you've got 89 assists, 91 assists, 124 assists, 114 assists, so you've got four of their starters that have probably now after yesterday's game, 90 or more assists. That's pretty impressive. Normally as a coach, if you can get two players to have 100 assists on the season, you feel good about things. They're looking at possibly having four get to 100. I'd like to see if any other programs have ever had that done.

So we're going to have to do a good job picking the ball up. It's not go to just be a point guard. A lot of traditional teams, they get it to the point guard, you just find the point. Well, their 4 can bring it up, their 5 can bring it up, so everybody is going to have to be dialed in. You've got to be sprinting the floor, looking over your shoulder, matching up and knowing, heck, if I'm the post player, I might have to go back and get the ball. So it's going to present some different challenges to us, there's no question.

They're very, very, very well-coached. I say it all the time, we take a lot of pride in what we do here at Louisville, and when we sit down and watch film, it's easy to see that they have a game plan. You can look at things and be like, boy, they're prepared, and there's no question tomorrow they're going to be prepared for us. I'm expecting a great basketball game.

Q. Do you see any similarities between Marquette's program that they have, their culture, kind of their quick rise, to say where your program was five, ten years ago?
JEFF WALZ: I mean, we're all -- Marquette has always had a really good program. When we first got in the Big East, they had a great program. So it's just fun to watch. You watched classes come in and go out, and their junior class is as good as anybody's in the country. You know, they're starting five juniors who are big-time players, and they play with a swag. So yeah, it's fun to watch.

I don't like comparing anybody to us because I think what they've done is impressive. I don't want to say, oh, yeah, I compare it to us because what they're doing is their own and it's great, so it's a compliment to them, because I just think they play hard, and as I said, they're very well-coached.

Q. It's been a few years since you faced them in the Big East, but are you having any kind of a Big East flashback to thinking about how you played them before or -- just to remind this crew that it was pretty tough back then?
JEFF WALZ: It's always been tough. That's the old Big East -- and I'll probably get in trouble for it, but the old Big East is the best basketball league I've ever been a part of in women's basketball. You throw West Virginia in there, Rutgers, Marquette, DePaul, Villanova, UConn, Notre Dame, just go through the list, and it's pretty impressive to see what's going on. The one and two, the first- and second-place team in the Big East is Marquette and DePaul. The winner and runner-up in the ACC are two teams that came from the old Big East. UConn is winning the AAC. Last year West Virginia won the Big 12 tournament championship.

So that's, I think, is what's helped prepare all of these programs that have -- when the old Big East broke up. That's why I think everybody has had success, because you're used to playing in it. It's like, man, it was a war night in and night out. When we get the opportunity to play a team like Marquette, I know how good they are. Our kids know how good they are. I make sure of it. And it didn't take them long to watch about six minutes of yesterday's game to be like, hey, they're good.

Q. Your thoughts on the final home game, quote-unquote, for your team tomorrow?
JEFF WALZ: You know what, it's been a remarkable year for us. Our fan base has been fantastic. Really looking forward to seeing how Myisha comes out tomorrow night for her last opportunity to play here in front of our fans. And I'm hoping we get a big turnout. I thought our crowd yesterday for a noon game was fantastic. I'm hoping the 6:30 tip of the men's game does not hurt us because you may have some that wanted to come to our game, and now it's like, hey, we want to go see the men; do they want to come and watch two ballgames.

So I'm hoping that doesn't have a negative effect on us. If we could get 8,000, 9,000 in here being a Sunday noon tip instead of a Friday at noon, it would be outstanding.

Q. Are you still writing excuses for those who took off work yesterday?
JEFF WALZ: I told them, if they need to, I'd be happy to. I just told them to try to take an extra long lunch break.

Q. You were mentioning about how great of a coach Kieger is. What specifically does she do that makes her so great?
JEFF WALZ: Well, I think she has a plan. Like you can tell the kids play hard for her. It's easy when you sit here and you watch on film and you watch in person. When kids will play hard for you, when she talks to them, the eye contact they make, you can see they're nodding their head like I've got you, I've got you. That's what it's all about, and she's very good X's and O's. She comes out of time-out, she draws up something they haven't run all year. She mixes things up defensively, she'll mix things up within her press.

Offensively I'd say I think you've got four of their five that have had at least one game this year where they've had over 20 points, each kid, which is really impressive, because it just shows the consistency and balance that they have.

Q. (No microphone.)
JEFF WALZ: Well, I wish we could do it. That's pretty damned impressive. I mean, let's be honest. Now, have any of you taken the time to look at the stats of the game? See, I think that's what everybody is going to miss and not look at if you just look at the final score. St. Francis took 81 shots. I mean, guys, that's getting up and down the floor. They took 57 threes.

You know, UConn, if I told you they scored 140, how many threes do you think they made? I'm asking a question. Come on. Eight. They hit eight threes. It was just a track meet. Well, if your threes are going in, fantastic. If they're not, it's not a great team to play a track meet with. UConn can score the basketball. UConn took 91, 91 shots, shot 68 percent from the field. So St. Francis, I don't blame them. They sat there and said, hey, if we're going to have a chance to win, we're going to have to get in there and fire up shots and see if we can't make a bunch of them. If they do, the game changes. Look at what UMBC did last night. If you just go out there and play a traditional game against somebody that you know is superior to you, you're probably not going to win.

We sat there -- and we own the record for the largest defeat in the National Championship game. I think it's 33 points. We went into half I think down 16 in that game, and I told the kids flat-out, do you want to keep it close, or do you want a chance to win, because it's one of two. If you want to keep it close, we can do this, and we might get beat by 12, 14, 18. Or if you want a chance to win, we're going to have to come out and start going up and down, stretch it out, put some threes up, see if we can get a few to fall. Well, they wanted a chance to win.

I think we came out, we hit our first two, we cut it back to like 12, and then we might have gone six minutes and we didn't score before we were getting our ass kicked. But you want a chance to win, right? Who wants to show off and not have a chance to win. So I give St. Francis and their coach credit. It's what happened.

This is a time of year, it is a really tough time of year, especially for players, for coaches, because it is emotionally and physically draining, because this is what everybody looks at. What did you do in March? What did you do in the NCAA Tournament? You know, Virginia men, I feel like Coach Bennett, I feel for the players. They won, I believe, the ACC regular season and conference tournament. 20-1. Guys, that is not easy. That is not easy. But what everybody is going to talk about is what you did in the NCAA Tournament.

So for them, it's like, man, can you believe that happened. For UMBC, who went to Vermont and won the conference tournament, everybody was jumping up and down doing cartwheels just for the fact they made the tournament. So for some teams, you make the tournament, and it's off the chart. It's awesome. For others, you're expected to win the whole thing. So it's one game. That's what makes this time of year so exciting. Everybody loves March, because the best team doesn't always win. It's the team that plays the best for two hours, and it might not even be two hours. It could be a 15-minute stretch during the game, but you extend a lead, and now all of a sudden you're up 15, especially in that ballgame last night when I saw some highlights a little bit, if you can get up 13 or 14 on Virginia with how they play, now you're really putting pressure on them offensively to play a little out of how they like to play. And before you know it, it's a loss.

But if it's a best of five, I put my money on Virginia to win a best-of-five series. Not that we gamble because we don't bet on things.

Q. (No microphone.)
JEFF WALZ: They did. I mean, that's something as a coach we talk about. Like guys, once you get to the tournament, the pressure is off. Let's just go play. We're going to have a plan. It's not like we just roll the ball out here and just say, hey, let's go have fun. I know Asia and Sam are saying, let's go have fun. No, it's no fun when you get beat. I'll be the first to tell you that. But we're not going to put the pressure on, like guys, the world is coming to an end at 3:00 on Sunday if we don't win. That's not how it works. I just keep telling them play for 40 minutes, don't worry about the scoreboard. You give me your best for 40 minutes, and then the scoreboard will normally take care of itself, and that's kind of how we talk. We don't talk about what the score is. We're down 11 to Virginia Tech, I believe, in the ACC Tournament, the first quarter, there was nothing about we're down 11. It was like, okay, guys, you've got 30 more minutes to play, how hard do you want to play. Do you want to execute and do what we've worked on, or do you just want to go out there and do it your own way. So that's how we approach it. Because if you do it the opposite way, I mean, that pressure can build and build and build, and then before you know it, you're going to crumple.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Sophie said that in trying to think of a team that maybe compares to you guys they played maybe a mini Georgia. Does Missouri remind you of anybody you guys have played?
KARL SMESKO: Well, they have different styles offensively and defensively, but offensively they execute at a real high level, they're maybe a lot like a DePaul. They can shoot the 3 and still score inside. Defensively, they're very physical, even though they don't play as many passing lanes, so they're maybe a little bit more like Jacksonville in terms of they're not afraid to bump you a little bit when you cut and they're not afraid of contact. So those will be a couple combination of teams that might fit the style a little bit.

Q. Obviously Missouri's probably not the first team you guys have played this season that is a bigger team than you are, how have you had success going up against teams that have height, especially multiple six footers and above?
KARL SMESKO: Well we have to be willing to be physical and we have to be willing to help one another. We got to have all five people competing on the defensive glass, looking for somebody to block out and controlling that block out as long as possible and pursuing the ball. Obviously their posts are their second and third leading scorers and they're both very good players. We're not in a situation where we just go one-on-one, we need all five players doing their job to make it difficult to get the ball inside and understand what our game plan is to try and limit their opportunities.

Q. Stanford hosts almost every year and sometimes there are women on the team who have never been to California, so sometimes we ask that, I know it seems a little silly, but what have you guys been able to do and have y'all been here before and also what's it like to be playing at Stanford that has a storied women's basketball tradition, as well as just athletics in general here.
ROSEMARIE JULIEN: I've been in California but not northern California so it's a little bit different because it's colder. But it's a great experience being here. It's a beautiful campus, a very big campus, we're not used to that because we have a small campus, so it's a good experience playing in this gym. It's big, nice, comfortable.

TAYLOR GRADINJAN: I've also been to California, I've actually been to San Francisco, but as far as what we're going to do today later this evening, we're going to go down town San Francisco for lunch and stuff like that and I know the team's really looking forward to it. Then obviously just playing in this gym it's just a great opportunity, it's big, so I mean we hope that we can win and do great things here and actually get a good crowd for everything that's going to happen here, so I just think it's just an awesome opportunity for us.

CHINA DOW: I would just say that it's a good opportunity to be here and see, we didn't get to see much and we'll get to see a lot later on, so I'm just looking forward to seeing it later on.

Q. Taylor, as proficient an of a three-point shooter as you are, for your team and how many 3s you guys shoot as a team to beat a team like DePaul and to win your conference championship game in games where you don't shoot as many or maybe they try to take it away a little bit more, how does that kind of show that you guys are still able to get your offense without necessarily just firing away from deep as often as you guys do otherwise?
TAYLOR GRADINJAN: I like to think our team is pretty versatile. We have a lot of girls that are very talented and they can shoot, they can also drive and with that comes a defense where you have to take away the 3 and when you have to take away the 3 you can't be as good at helping on drives and that, so I think that the way our offense is set up, as long as we're high and wide and we have space that our drivers can do their job to beat their person, even if the 3 is not open as often.

Q. Rosemarie, when this was announced the other night, didn't know a lot about Missouri, but I think I showed you the stats for Sophie and you kind of went, Wow. Now that you've had a chance to look at her, what do you think about your matchup against her?
ROSEMARIE JULIEN: To be honest, I don't think that that really has anything to do with it. I'm very confident and I'll have a really good chance of wowing everyone and showing them what our team is all about, so. Kudos to her, but I'm ready for tomorrow's game.

Q. Have you met Tara Vanderveer previously?
KARL SMESKO: I have previously. I'm pretty sure this is accurate, we played them when she won her 900th game. I know she's over a thousand now, but that was down in Mexico and she was very gracious and obviously she's a coaching legend, a Hall of Famer, but I can tell you, meeting her again this morning how courteous she was, she insisted on showing me all the facilities and invited me up to the office. I had a practice plan to finish up, so I didn't go there, but she was just really gracious and a great host and everything that you ever hear about her.

Q. China, y'all like playing these power five schools and taller kids don't. Y'all get into it a little extra hard and what do you think about the matchup?
CHINA DOW: I think the matchup will be good. Like coach said, we need five players locked in and helping each other because that's what it's going to take to beat a team like this, because we are shorter. But at the same time we do have fight in us, I think everybody sees that. So the more we fight and push like we'll be okay, as long as we get help from other teammates. So we play together and stay strong and we should pull out the win.

Q. Sophie is such a good scorer, it's also the efficiency that kind of tends to stand out to a lot of people that she's able to put up a lot of points without necessarily taking the volume of shots that others around the nation take. What are some of the things that you kind of noticed about her that are going to be challenges for you guys defensively in terms of stopping her?
KARL SMESKO: One, she's really active and to be six-one and be able to shoot the 3 so well with that kind of length is a challenge, but she's always moving, she reads her screens, she's really smart, and as you said, she's a willing passer, she's not the big time scorer that doesn't look to get other people involved, she moves the ball. She's really good at drawing fouls and initiating and getting contact and getting the call her way, so she's just a smart player who is really talented and can score in a variety of ways. They posted her up a lot this year as well, not just had her shoot 3s. And she scores in conversion a lot too. So she finds different ways to keep putting pressure on your defense.

Q. You guys shoot more 3s than any other team in the country, put up over 1,100 this year. What's your philosophy when it comes it 3-pointers and how it fits into this offense?
KARL SMESKO: Well, we definitely like to shoot 3s. We like to have as many people on the floor as possible that can make them and we want to spread you out and make you have to guard every inch of floor. I think we're pretty selective in terms of we understand what a good 3 is and what a bad 3 is and we just want to work together as a team to get a great shot. If it's a 3, great, if it's a drive and get fouled, great. We just really are more concerned about what our shot selection is and what our likely efficiency is from that shot. That gets defined through the years and our players all know immediately, was that a good shot or was that a bad shot.

Q. With somebody who is as versatile and can kind of do it all like Sophie can, is there kind of a comparable player that you've had to kind of phase your game plan against in that regard?
KARL SMESKO: Well we played some great players, we played some All-Americans, we have gone against Mitchell at Ohio State, DePaul has some great players, South Dakota State, the Miller kid is probably pretty similar to the Cunningham kid. In terms of their versatility and being great shooters as well. So we have faced really good players and Rose has always done an outstanding job on teams' best player and players and we have other players that when Rose needs a break that have been up to the challenge when called upon this year. We understand it's a big challenge, but I feel confident in our team that they're going to compete and they're going to at least make things difficult, you're going to have to work for it.

Q. Rosemarie, I heard that you might not follow the NBA all too closely, but there's an NBA team here that loves to drop 3s as well and it's on your bio that your favorite athlete is Steph Curry. What goes into that, I know, you're not going to get a chance to catch the Warriors while you're out here?
ROSEMARIE JULIEN: I wish. No, I don't think I'll be going to catch it, but, yes, Stephen Curry is my favorite. If his shot is not on he'll continue shooting and that's what coach always tells me to do, because I'm a great shooter and you have to believe in that and have the confidence and no matter what big shots will be there for you to knock it down.

Q. You said on flight over yesterday that the game plan was almost in. How was practice last night, how do you feel going in, the game plan obviously is firmly in at this point and how do you feel about the kids going in?
KARL SMESKO: Well I feel like we have a plan and we know what we want to get accomplished. I think practices have been really good. We have had everybody's attention, they're excited about this opportunity and we all want to have a great showing and we really, we want to win and move on and advance. And we feel like we have a team that's capable of winning and we're looking forward to trying to see how well we can play.

THE MODERATOR: All right. Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports
Q. Erica, thought you played an outstanding game today. I thought the defense was the best I've seen it all season. Would you agree with that?
ERICA NELSON: Yeah, throughout the game, we knew what player that they were going to emphasize, and we tried to just focus on that, and then she did an amazing job tonight but we took everything else away from them. So when you focus in on one player and nobody else is scoring, and all five of us were, it's hard to beat us.

Q. You were able to dominate the team in the paint somewhat and stay even on the boards. Don't have a single six-footer on your team and they have quite a few. How were you able to do that today?
CHINA DOW: I think with their post players being in foul trouble, they really couldn't jump because it's risky. So if you're going in, at first they was blocking shots because they wasn't in foul trouble. But once they did get in foul trouble, we was able to attack the basket, and they softened up on defense, so it worked out for the best and we was just finishing. We knew they was going to go on runs, but like we just tried our best to stick with it and stay in the game.

Q. This was a 12-seed beating a 5-seed but didn't really look like an upset to me. Did you feel confident coming in? Did you feel like this was an upset today?
CHINA DOW: No, because at the end of the day we do belong here. We're just putting our name on the map to let people know we are not just a soft, mid major team. We can compete with the best of the best. It was a big win for us. Missouri is a good team but we pulled out the win.

Q. Coming out of media time-outs, you're over on the sideline riling up the fans, 4,000 miles away from Fort Myers.
CHINA DOW: It means a lot. Our fans is a big part of our program, and they get us going, so if you want to stay in the game, you keep our fans going; I don't care how many fans other people have. Our fans always make noise, so shout out to them for making their way down to Cali and we can just have fun and enjoy the California weather for a couple more days.

Q. This didn't look much like an upset. I know you're not super pleased when you get a 12-, 13-, 14-seeding. But do you look at this as an upset? Or do you feel like the quickness and the sets you run would be able to off set what Missouri likes to do, as well as what you were able to do today?
COACH KARL SMESKO: Well, it's an upset in terms of seeding, but we definitely came in with the mindset that this was a game we can win if we executed at a high level.

A big thing that we emphasized was the last four times we've been here, we performed well. But at the beginning of each game, there was like a sense of a little bit of nervousness or tension, and we never got off to good starts because I thought that's a little doubt, are we as good as the opponent.

And so we made a real emphasis this time to let our team know, hey, you belong here; you're just as good. It's going to be whoever plays better today.

And this was the first time that from the jump ball, I thought we were all in and believed that we could get it done.

Q. Due to foul trouble and a lot of other things, you ended up having to use a lot of different players matched up on Cunningham, and it looks like towards the end you settled on China. What did you like about that matchup?
COACH KARL SMESKO: Well, that was actually Coach Lyles's idea. You know, we had Rose on her and Rose was making her work. She was hurting us with post-ups for a while, we were guarding her well on the perimeter but we were slow to help on the post.

So we actually, I put tie on her for a little bit but then tie got lost on a screen and we gave up the three to her. So that was Coach Lyles said, hey, I think we need to put China on her. I was a little concerned because China fouls a lot and I didn't want to have to put China on the bench; and, it's a lot of effort to be chasing Cunningham around and then guarding her in the post. You've got to be the first one back because she runs out in transition.

But all the credit for that goes to Coach Lyles. I definitely wasn't leaning in that direction but China did a great job on her. You know, really helped limit her scoring down the stretch.

Q. I thought the two keys in this thing were, one, turnovers, just nine for the game and they had 16. You were really able to hang on the boards today. I thought those two things were key. If you can expand on that.
COACH KARL SMESKO: That's always the biggest key is you have to try to find a way to win possessions, and the possessions are how many offensive rebounds and how many turnovers you have.

So we know we're at a disadvantage rebounding, so all five of our players have to be contributing on those defensive boards on every shot, and they all know that that's their responsibility.

And then we have to be better with the ball than the other team, because if we are going to give up a few more offensive rebounds, we can't also have a few more turnovers and expect to be successful.

Q. China, you had a great performance at Stanford. I wanted to ask you how much their height affected your team's play in this game?
CHINA DOW: It affected us a lot as far as going to the lane. They was way bigger than Mizou.

So our drives wasn't opened, but we could have cut in penetration and do the right things when they did come over. That's why we practiced and practiced. But it was very effective. And what he said, you know, I wish I would have grew overnight, but didn't work out that way. Their height was very effective.

Q. You found your shot after halftime. How encouraging was that, and also, what kind of looks were you getting in the first half?
CHINA DOW: I mean, I had many open looks in the first half. It wasn't wasn't falling. But if you know him, if you know our program; if you miss, just keep shooting because that's what we're taught. Like don't just get down on yourself. Just keep shooting. That's what I kept doing and fell in the second half, so it worked out.

Q. Is it too soon to look at 431 threes, and say, wow, that was pretty special?
CHINA DOW: If you take a look at my percentage last year, my percentage this year is really amazing for me. You know, I was working on my shot over the summer and it came through. So it's good.

Q. Lisa, you guys kept coming back. What was the sense in the huddles when there were time-outs called and stuff? What were you saying to each other? There's never any quit but tonight was really impressive the way you kept battling back against really tall odds.
LISA ZDERADICKA: We knew if we lose, we're out. So we just knew we had to give it our all and just try to keep fighting and make a run and try to cut it closer.

Q. Could you speak about the 431 threes? That was your team identity and your hashtag and it's an NCAA record and kind of a special mark.
LISA ZDERADICKA: Yeah, I mean, we work on our shot a lot, and all season, we work on our threes and work hard to get open for good shots and we always try to take the open shots. So that's just the way we play. We knocked a lot of threes down this season, which helped us.

Q. What were they doing on their offensive side and on your defensive side that made it so troublesome for you guys to be able to get the rebounds? They ended up with more offensive than you guys had defensive.
KARL SMESKO: We weren't sending many people to the boards. That's why it was frustrating in the first quarter when we were giving up shots in conversion. That shouldn't happen when you have so many people back. So those were just communication errors and really cost us.

As for, you know, giving up so many offensive rebound, once you have defensive breakdowns and you're in scramble mode, it's really hard to get your block-outs. We had so many instances where, you know, we screwed up something we were guarding and somebody would have to help, somebody would have to recover, and meanwhile, you know, somebody's going to the backboard and getting a second shot opportunity.

So that was another area where you know, we knew we weren't going to win boards, but we had to do a better job of holding them to like ten or 11 offensive rebounds instead of 16.

Q. China, you're one of five very important seniors, perhaps most important one, but all of them very, very important to this program. What was the mood like in the locker room afterwards? Pretty emotional in there?
CHINA DOW: Yeah, it was. You know, it's just playing for the last time, playing your last senior game. I think Nazr gave us -- like she's going to miss us and stuff, but it's more than just basketball when it comes to your teammates. We're basically like family. I spend more time with them, basically more than I spend time with my friends. Like they are my friends and family.

So it's beyond basketball, so it was very emotional, and it's my last college game. It's just like, dang, like if I could have another year, I'd take it, even though it would ruffle him but it works out, we get along. But it's more than basketball. It's very emotional. You have T-Grad, she's six years, so it's very emotional for her. It's like, I'm going to miss them. We all like just keep your head held high and regardless if any of them need anything from me, I always got their back.

Q. Obviously a huge size disadvantage tonight, but they are not just tall. They are very, very skilled.
KARL SMESKO: Yeah, they are a talented team. Smith had an amazing game against us, her picking and popping and knocking down threes and being able to go inside and post up. She was outstanding tonight.

But they have got a lot of really talented players in there playing really well right now. You know, we needed a day where instead of 9-of-17 from three, they were 4-of-17 from three, and we didn't get it. When we gave up an open shot or gave up something from three, they shot an amazing percentage for the second game in a row.

So they really got things rolling right now.

Q. You played Ohio State earlier. Any comparisons?
KARL SMESKO: Well, their size and athleticism are pretty similar, and the way they get out in conversion, both teams are great out in conversion.

So I mean, I think there's definitely some comparisons. I know the last time they played, they went into overtime. It was a great game.

I think Stanford has a real chance to move on and advance further in this tournament. If they keep shooting the ball the way they shot it tonight, I wouldn't bet against them.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. The moment, being here, getting in the tournament, how does it feel playing against a team with such a high caliber as Baylor?
SHAKYLA HILL: We're all pretty excited about this game. We're also pretty excited about being here. It's actually a really great feeling. We're just happy to be here.

MONISHA NEAL: It's an honor for us to be here. Everybody is excited. We're pumped up for the game.

JAZMIN BOYD: We're all excited to be here. The experience has been great so far. We're just seeing what's next.

Q. When you see all the film of what Baylor does well, which seems to be everything, how do you not get wide-eyed?
SHAKYLA HILL: Us as a team, we kind of think we match up well with anybody. So we try not to get discouraged about anything that they do. We all know as a team that they put their shoes on just like we put our shoes on, so we're ready to play.

MONISHA NEAL: Just because it's a bigger conference, we can't look at it that way. We have to keep our head straight and know that we can play with them, so...

JAZMIN BOYD: Playing big schools like this doesn't do anything but motivate us. We're kind of pumped up to play them.

Q. Monisha, the matchup inside with Lauren Cox, Kalani Brown, how do y'all try to deal with that kind of size? Have you seen that kind of size this year?
MONISHA NEAL: We played height before. Height doesn't really matter. We're smaller, so we're going to run on them. Height can get tired quick. That's what we plan on.

Q. Playing the tough non-conference schedule you had at the start of the season, how has that prepared you for tomorrow?
SHAKYLA HILL: It's prepared us a lot. Coach Murray always says it's not how we match up with teams, it's how teams match up with us.

Although they do have height, a lot of the schools we played in our non-conference schedule, they also had height. We'll take heart over height any day and we're really excited about this game.

Q. You and this team have been in do-or-die mode since the SWAC tournament. How do you feel that plays into your preparing of you've already been in the situation if you lose, your season is done?
SHAKYLA HILL: I think Coach Murray and the coaching staff, they instilled in us this is win or go home. None of us really want to go home. I think going into the SWAC tournament, we knew we had to play our best basketball. Right now we're playing our best basketball.

Going into this game, we're just going to continue riding this high we're on. We plan on coming out with a win.

Q. I'm sure you look at Twitter, Facebook, ESPN. How do you block out the noise that Baylor is a 2 seed, you are 15?
SHAKYLA HILL: I think we don't really look at the seeding and the rankings. If you look at the SWAC tournament, we weren't No. 1. We weren't even No. 2. We came out and won that.

We don't really take that too personal. We really don't I don't want to say care, because it's important, their accomplishments are great, but that means nothing to us.

Q. Overall what has the support been like on campus? What have fellow students been saying to you?
SHAKYLA HILL: The support on campus has been really big. Actually it's kind of propelled us forward, I think so, because more people believe in us than we actually would have thought. Like especially on social media, people have been tweeting us, people at school coming up to us, We believe in you, you guys can win.

Coming in, I think we all know they're bigger and they're in a bigger conference. But having the support back home, from our family and friends, it really means a lot.

Q. I don't know if you would be necessarily matched up with her, but Alexis Morris took over at Baylor at point guard. I don't know how much you would have seen of the Big 12 tournament. What did you see from her?
SHAKYLA HILL: Actually, I have no idea who that is, so... I have no idea who that is. But like I said earlier, it really doesn't make me any difference because they put on their shoes just like we do. I'm going at whoever is holding me, whoever I'm holding, I'm going at them the same as if they were anybody else.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, ladies.

We'll continue with questions for Coach Murray.

Q. From an X's and O's standpoint, what makes Baylor such a scary team offensively and defensively?
FREDDIE MURRAY: Well, we know that Kalani Brown is a big part of what they want to do, along with Lauren Cox. Size is definitely something that is their strong suit. When you lose players such as we have, and they have as well, you have to kind of tailor your offense around what your strengths are.

We know what they kind of want to do going in. It makes it a little bit more easier to prepare for. But they're a well-coached team. Coach Mulkey's success speaks for itself.

Like I said, we're going to treat this like any other game. As you can tell with my players, we don't really get too high, we don't get too low. We prepare for everybody the same way. The same thing is going to happen with this game tomorrow.

Q. You and this team have been in a do-or-die mode since the start of the SWAC tournament. How does that play into an advantage approaching this game?
FREDDIE MURRAY: These players have heard me talk about this since I've been here. I've been fortunate to make it to this level a few times. They hear me talk about it so often. So for us to finally get here, they really know that it can actually happen.

Like I said, do or die, with sports, one thing about sports is that on any given day anybody can be beat regardless of how big or how small you are. We don't look at it as a do-or-die, we prepare every game the same. Every game brings a different set of circumstances that go along with it.

We're prepared. We've going to use this next day and a half to sharpen what we want to try to do against them. We always say styles make fights. This is two contrasting styles, and it should make for a great game tomorrow.

Q. Do you feel the non-conference schedule you had this year, pretty tough, do you feel that set you up for a good spot tomorrow?
FREDDIE MURRAY: I think it does. It's part of the plan in non-conference. We play a pretty tough non-conference schedule. We were here two or three years ago when Baylor was in the top 10 in the country. When we walked off the court, we got a lot of praise from a lot of fans here because we were small then. Wasn't as deep depth-wise as we are now. We were small then. People really appreciated what they saw from our team on that particular night.

At that time Shakyla Hill, Jazmin Boyd, were freshmen. They were new to it. Now they're juniors. They come here with a different looking mindset, prepared for Baylor.

We played Mississippi State when they were in the top 10 that same year. We played George Washington, they were in the top 20 that same year.

The stage will never be too big for these players. That's why I always say, Don't bet against the underdog.

Q. What makes Shakyla Hill such a great player?
FREDDIE MURRAY: The kid is special, man. She's special on the court, off the court. She flirts with quadruple doubles every single night. She very rarely gets the credit that she deserves. You all just saw the one time she did score a quadruple double. We see it on a regular basis.

She does everything for our basketball team. She has the heart of a tiger. Like I said, we wouldn't be here without her. I'm just glad she's a junior and we got one more year with her.

Q. As someone who went to the WNIT last year, you upset Ole Miss, how strenuous was the journey this year, never giving up on your goal of going to the NCAA tournament ultimately?
FREDDIE MURRAY: I alluded to it earlier in an interview. We came up short in the championship game last year in our conference. It kind of propelled us into summertime workouts with the mentality that we want to try to achieve our goal. Our motto was: Road to redemption.

We were able to meet that same team in the semifinals in our conference and beat them, come on into the SWAC tournament game, win that. All of that hard work, along with being able to beat an SEC team last year in Ole Miss, that poses the same problems that Baylor poses. I think all that kind of works to our advantage.

We've seen teams like that before, so like I said, our team wanted this. They wanted this from June all the way up until March. We're not here to just be glad to be here. I think we're fortunate to be one of 64 teams playing. We honestly are coming here looking to advance on. That's the mindset of our players.

Q. What support have you seen from outside colleagues? Friends in the profession given you any tips on Baylor?
FREDDIE MURRAY: I'm an old school player, I'm an old school coach. I've been doing it about 19 years. Like I said, that's one of the things I bring to our team, is the old school mentality. That's to prepare for everybody the same. Obviously you come with a different game plan.

But the outpouring of love around the country has been awesome. I've been in it about 18 years, so I got friends far and wide, every conference you could possibly think of. Everybody is happy for us. They're happy for my success. They're happy for the team's success.

One thing about it, they know as coaches, we preach the same thing to players each game. You got to believe that you can win. This team really truly believes that they can win.

Q. How do you block out the noise from social media, and the literal noise tomorrow night?
FREDDIE MURRAY: Me personally, I don't deal with social media. I don't have to deal with that (smiling). They get on me about being old school, not nothing what Twitter and all this is. I'm not really into all of that.

We take they phones away from them, we take they iPads away from them. We try to reduce as much distractions as possible at this time in preparation for the game.

They've heard it. They know. Like I said, we try to put their minds on other things to prepare them for what we need to do. We try to block out all of that the best we can.

A lot of it you really can't avoid because it's the age we're living in. But right now, the only thing on our mind is this game tomorrow night.

Q. Did you watch Alexis Morris at the Big 12 tournament? I asked Shakyla about it.
FREDDIE MURRAY: Trust me, she doesn't know about it, I know about it. She's a special player. It's almost like if y'all are sportsfans, go back to the Alabama game when Alabama was in the national championship. Their starting quarterback wasn't performing. It was a person that came off the bench off of their practice squad who nobody never knew anything about that made the most in that game.

We know what she's capable of doing. These players are recruited for a reason, whether it happens at the beginning of the season, whether it happens at the end of the season, in a tournament. They're just waiting for a opportunity.

Alexis Morris is a special player. We're going to have to be dialed into her tomorrow because she can pose some problems. Like I said, the only difference I think right now outside of the size is they have eight players really that are playing and we have nine players. We got one up on them (smiling).

Q. Coach Mulkey was talking about how she wanted the Grambling band to come play in the arena. Is that going to throw you off?
FREDDIE MURRAY: Band is at all of our games. Kim is a big fan of Grambling. She grew up in the area. She's aware of the aura around Grambling, and the band plays a big part in that.

The band was at our tournament game, as well. They are part of our fan base as well. I don't think it's going to pose a problem. I think the fans here are probably going to love the array of songs they going to play. I think right now she wanted them to come and I think they are coming.

Q. With the amount of connections Kim has to Louisiana Tech, the area, are you friends, message quite a bit?
FREDDIE MURRAY: No, we don't really message that much. We see each other a lot of times on the recruiting trail. At the end of the day, we're all friends. This is a small fraternity. Everybody knows everybody. I know their whole coaching staff. Johnny is a real good friend of mine being from northern Louisiana, as well. We all really at the end of the day are competitors on the basketball court, but we're a family outside of that.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports




