Q. They only had seven players dressed. Did you feel like you could wear them down? And when you got that 12-point lead in the third quarter, did you feel like you were wearing them down?
COACH BERNABEI-MCNAMEE: Yeah, you know I think a team like Virginia, knowing those players on the team, I knew that they weren't just going to wear down and not continue to give a fight. But I do think that with our pushing tempo and trying to press them a little bit, that was the hopes, that we were going to wear them down a little bit and take advantage of maybe some turnovers or mishaps on their end.

Q. Coach, you watched them go out to 11-0 lead but you actually take the lead at halftime, up by 11 in the third quarter. What happened in those last 15 minutes, what they were doing against you all?
COACH BERNABEI-MCNAMEE: You're asking about the last 15 minutes of the game? Is that what you said? I think what happened was we started -- not what we do is living and dying by the 3-point line. We were chucking up shots that maybe we could have waited in the offense and tried work it inside out, which was our game plan from the beginning.

I thought our shot selection was a little bit bad. And I thought offensively when they were coming down we were getting caught on the bad end of a lot of foul calls. So those were some things we have to work on and get better at.

Q. Emma, you had 14 points in the first half. I believe only four in the second. What did they do to kind of keep you from getting touches?
EMMA GUY: Personally, I don't think they were doing anything different. I mean, I take that upon myself. I have to be stronger in the post, and I have to know how -- I just have to go hard every single second.

Q. Coach, going back to your earlier comments, this could refer to both taking too many 3s and you mentioned some foul calls, but you only went to the foul line four times, which is -- what happened to keep you guys off the line like that?
COACH BERNABEI-MCNAMEE: I'm not sure. I think one of those attributions was that we shot a lot of 3s, which we weren't getting fouled on those shots. I do think it's a remarkable game that she has that many attempts inside and we're getting the ball so many touches and she didn't have one foul called for her in the game, which I'm not sure because I thought that they were definitely working pretty hard in there to guard her. And I thought it was equally as physical on the other end that we were getting called for those fouls.

So that's something that I have to look at, and we'll work on. But I thought that we maybe caught the bad end of that a little bit.

Q. Coach, as your ACC season ends, what type of motivation things will you bring to the team for next year to improve upon your season?
COACH BERNABEI-MCNAMEE: I think the big thing right now is in this postseason for us to get motivated to get stronger in the weight room, really work to be more gritty. I think when you're stronger in the weight room and you start to get that competitive edge and that's something we'll continue to work on. And our skill set and developing, I think I have an amazing coaching staff.

We'll get in the gym with these players. We'll really work hard on improving their skill set. And I think next year and the years to come you're just going to see our program get better and better and better.

Q. Virginia's Jocelyn Willoughby had 13 points in the third quarter, really played a big role in their run there. How did you see her affect the game there especially in the second half?
COACH BERNABEI-MCNAMEE: She really took it out strong. She's 12-for-12 from the line as well. She's an excellent player. That's what -- she's one of those players skill set-wise that can score at three levels. She shoots the 3. She can post people up. She has a good mid-range game.

So on our end we probably didn't do a great job limiting her touches there in that second half, which was one of the things we wanted to do. But again with a young team, that's something we'll keep growing and maturing being able to stick to our game plan throughout a 40-minute game which we've had a little trouble with this year.

Q. Emma, coming in with straight eight losses, when things started to go south in the fourth quarter, the last five minutes, how tough was it to try to keep that "oh, no, here we go again" kind of thing from creeping into your head?
EMMA GUY: I try as hard as I can not to have that thought go through my head. I'm pretty sure it never once went through my head. But I have to rely on my teammates to know my teammates are there, try to huddle them back up and get the confidence back to get going again.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.
