HE MODERATOR: We're joined by Tennessee student-athletes Jordan Bone, Admiral Schofield, Lamonté Turner, Grant Williams and Kyle Alexander as well as head coach Rick Barnes. Questions for the student-athletes first?

Q. Lamonté, I know you guys have said -- you guys have allowed 15 3s in the last two games, and you guys have said guys are just hitting tough shots. But do you think part of that is you guys allowing teams to get in a rhythm early and kind of getting things going?
LAMONTÉ TURNER: I think in those games our offense has taken tough shots, not getting the shot we want and not making them work, kind of leading out to them opening the floor and kind of driving a kicking, and them getting the momentum. So I think it's our offense that kind of leads to stuff like that.

Q. Grant, what are your thoughts on Tyler Cook, Iowa's power forward? And what have you seen from him if you've watched him this year?
GRANT WILLIAMS: Very talented. I've known him for a couple of years. Tyler is very athletic. He's dominant in the post. He's developed his game a lot. Tremendous respect for him. He's done a lot through EYBL and everything. He's always been a talented player. It's exciting to play him.

Q. Jordan, that was a good question about knowing other guys. Generally with teams you match up against, how much do you know them because of AAU days or playing with them somewhere, maybe in the same area as you did in high school? Any team in particular that you play, how many times do you run into guys that you know other than matching up with them during the course of the year?
JORDAN BONE: I ran into a couple of guys. I have a lot of guys that played on the circuit with me in AAU days. I've seen a lot of familiar faces. I'm not really sure how to put names with them. But I've definitely seen a lot of familiar faces.

So I just think it's really exciting to show how important AAU is and just playing the circuit, getting that exposure. Now, just seeing everybody all together on this large playing field of NCAA basketball, it just means a lot.

Q. Jordan, now that you're back at this stage, have you at all thought about or maybe it's distant memory, that last shot last year against Loyola?
JORDAN BONE: I've gotten a lot of questions about that Loyola game. I mean, I feel like moving forward from that. You know, it's definitely something that you remember. I kind of use it as motivation during my offseason.

And I feel like this team kind of uses moments like that, not just Loyola specifically, but just tough losses and just kind of being in the trenches, we kind of use that as motivation in order for us to be the team that we are today. And I feel like it's very important to use moments like that as motivation to make it better.

Q. Grant, along those lines, unfinished business, I think, is a key motivator for a lot of teams at this stage. How much do you feel that this group takes that personally?
GRANT WILLIAMS: I know for us, the type of competitor that we are, that we're going to come in with the mindset that we're going to play every game to the best of our ability. But there's always that extra motivation because we've never been counted on, we've never been boosted up. Every time we have gotten up, everybody wants to see us fall down.

It's just a matter of being who we are and embracing that. We understand that we're doing this for each other and not for anybody else. So that's the motivation that we have.

Q. Admiral, you've had a lot of -- obviously had the big shots last night. You've had so many games this season where you've come up big down the stretch. Is there one moment you can point back to in your collegiate career that's helped springboard you into the leader you've become today?
ADMIRAL SCHOFIELD: I think the biggest moment that helped me as far as leadership would be the Georgia game two years ago, missing a game-winning opportunity for my team, and just seeing the disappointment on our faces when we knew our backs were against the wall.

And I just thought that from that point on, I was going to do everything I could to help lead and be an example of what winning looks like. And I just think from there on, not just me, I think everyone sitting at this table did a great job of just instilling in everybody in our program that we won't be denied anymore from what we've been working hard for because we've been putting a lot of hard work in I'd say from that moment and also Coach Barnes running us a lot. But I think that was a big motivator for us, too, to stop losing so we didn't have to run as much.

Q. Kyle, how much fun are you guys having up here together, just as a group, getting to experience the tournament and everything that kind of goes into it? For some it's kind of the last go-around here. Just love to know your answer on that?
KYLE ALEXANDER: I'm having a great time, personally. I love these guys, probably the funniest group of guys I've ever been around in my life. It's always a trip. But, no, we're having a great time enjoying this. Some guys it's their first time. It's great to have worked so hard that we got a chance to be back here together. So I'm loving it, enjoying it. And I just hope we make it last.

Q. Jordan, how much more do you think you're prepared because of last year and just for this moment --
(Cell phone ringing).

JORDAN BONE: (Laughter) That was my home boy. Sorry about that.

To answer your question, I think we're very prepared. I feel like moments in the past kind of helped us get to this point. Even yesterday, yesterday was tough playing against Colgate. But I felt like they prepared as well for a team like Iowa.

They're very similar. Even though Iowa is bigger, much more physical, it kind of gave us a taste of playing against Garza, that can hit the open shot, playing against random motion offense, just being on edge. I felt like they got us prepared for tomorrow.

I feel like, all in all, we're just ready to attack tomorrow. We're ready for this situation. We prepared. The preparation has been very important getting up to this point. So at this point we just have to execute and do our game plan.

Q. Admiral, a guy like Luka Garza who can pop out and hit those shots, how do you defend people like that? And maybe have you gone against guys like that earlier this year that you can kind of compare it to?
ADMIRAL SCHOFIELD: We've gone against a lot of teams that have what we call a prototypical stretch 4, a guy that can step out and space the floor offensively. But it's March. Like I said yesterday, seems like everybody's percentage goes up at least 10 percent in March.

So all you can do is really make the shots as tough as possible. And, you know, the game is never perfect. And they're a talented team. Luka Garza, he hit three yesterday, but his percentage doesn't say that he's a big-time 3-point shooter. But it's March, and guys are competing and players make plays around this time of year. So you've got to respect everybody's ability to shoot the ball, especially a team like Iowa.

And their pure motion offense is great because they give a lot of, get into a lot of different actions and space the floor and get their guys good shots and good looks and move the ball well. Basically you just gotta communicate at a high level. Nothing is going to be perfect, but you can't beat yourselves by giving them extra possessions or giving them offensive rebounds and things like that.

So they're going to hit their shots. We're going to hit ours. And we're both going to compete, and it's going to be a good game.

Q. Lamonté, this time of year the officials are also officials that you don't necessarily know from the SEC. Do you find that it is a different game depending on the officials that you have?
LAMONTÉ TURNER: Yeah, definitely for a guy like me that likes to get up and pressure the ball, gotta get a feel of what these officials call, like, the different type of calls they call, like hand checks and stuff like that.

So at the beginning of the game, Coach always tells us to get a feel for everything. That way you're not getting silly fouls and stuff like that. So I think that's definitely big around this time of the year.

And being older guys, you understand that different officials have different type of calls and stuff like that.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

COACH BARNES: Questions for Coach.

Q. You've given up 15 3s over the last two games. How much of that is a concern for you going forward?
COACH BARNES: Some of those have been unbelievable shots. I don't think we could defend it any other way than we did. They're going to make some of them, but some of the shots that all you can do is just get as close as you can, try to contest a shot without fouling. And some of those are really deep 3s. And we've played two teams that have shot it great.

But when you can win a game in the NCAA Tournament when a team makes 15 3s like that and the crowd is pulling for them, I thought we showed the maturity we needed to show. But us -- it's not that we're not trying to defend the 3-point line, it's not. You've got to give them credit. They're making the shots.

It's not like they're layups either; they're making shots from very deep range and that's part of the game. And that 3-point line is a great equalizer in some ways.

Q. You guys are pretty much in the exact same spot you were this time a year ago. How much more prepared do you think your kids are to handle what's going to happen tomorrow?
COACH BARNES: I think they realize, this time of year, how it's a matter of executing, doing what you have to do and having a lot of respect for your opponent, which I know they do. And it's about, again, this time of year teams know each other. You know your own team. Every player should know his role, what he has to do. And you want to see your players do what you've asked them to do all year and do it at a high level. And know that it's going to be hard because teams right now should be playing their best basketball.

Q. You said you're not guarding the 3-point line, but maybe you're guarding personnel more. Does it make it more challenging when you have four shooters on the floor at a time like Iowa?
COACH BARNES: Yeah, we played Auburn, they had five. So it's always a challenge when you have to guard the 3-point line. And then you throw in the fact that Iowa has an inside game, too, where they very much will play inside/out. But if they get good looks at it, they're going to take it.

I don't think they force a lot of 3s. And the last two opponents, they were going to live on that 3-point line. I don't feel that Iowa feels they have to live back there. But certainly our last two opponents that's what they were willing to do, shoot 30, 40 3s if necessary. And that line is there, and you've got to deal with it.

Q. It's been there 32 years. Can you have imagined the evolution that we are here today and talking about taking 35 or 40 of those?
COACH BARNES: Again, I looked at last night when I was watching the tape and they're experimenting right now in the NIT with moving that line back. And I bet they made 10 of them yesterday behind that line. And so maybe we should think about moving it back even further. But the fact is it's been good for the game and it's helped our game. Teams go in it sometimes knowing they're going to shoot 30, 40 3s.

Q. Is there a mid-range game anymore?
COACH BARNES: We believe in that. We do. We believe in that. And a lot of people want to either shoot a layup or shoot the 3. But we still believe there's a place for the mid-range game.

Q. How important is Kyle in this particular matchup, keeping him on the floor, of course, with Garza and then Kriener also, big athletic bigs?
COACH BARNES: I think it's important. But I think all our front-line guys, Kyle, Grant, I think Derrick Walker will have to be ready to play and John Fulkerson. And Kyle actually played -- did a good job yesterday. He really did. And we got what we felt like we needed to go with some offense and we went with the small lineup that that's really one of our most efficient lineups.

But we need Kyle. We're going to need him tomorrow. And we're expecting him to give us a great effort and do his job.

Q. Looked like Iowa changed its defense a lot, plays, will work a lot of zone. Just how important is it that you play inside/out, not get lured into settling, like you say?
COACH BARNES: I think it's important that we flow, that we play. Yesterday they were back in there as far back as you can go. And I think that we've got to work hard at taking the slack out of it, get the ball moving and do the things that we do.

And we've been good against zones all year, really. And we just gotta continue to do what we've practiced all year and the way that we've played. But we've got to get our post guys working better than they did yesterday.

Q. Admiral had said that the springboard to him being a clutch shot-maker and leader was the Georgia game in the SEC Tournament. Do you agree with that?
COACH BARNES: What did he say?

Q. He said the springboard for him to be able to make big shots now and lead the team the way he does was that Georgia game when he missed the 3. Do you agree with that or what do you think about his growth as a big shot-maker and leader?
COACH BARNES: What I think of him is the time he puts in the gym. He's in there working and working and working. He's worked as hard as any player I've seen from the time that he started to where he was a very erratic 3-point shooter and he wanted to shoot it, but he didn't know when he should shoot it.

But he's put so much time in working on his shot. And he's one of those guys, when it leaves his hand and he has his feet set, you think it's going in.

Q. Yesterday you said you think the team was anxious. Do you think that was just a matter of it being the first game of the tournament and do you expect it to continue tomorrow?
COACH BARNES: No, I think the hard thing in this tournament is just getting started, obviously. And I think when you play the way we started out playing and -- but we weren't really aggressive as we were making some shots early. And then, I can tell you, they made some tough shots. I mean, it's not like -- we gave them some, where we broke down in transition.

But the fact is you've got to give them credit. They made 15 3s. I'm telling you they were pretty tough 3s to make. But I do think that we were a little bit anxious, and maybe wanting to get back to where we have a chance to play again today, whatever it may be.

But I expect us now to come out and realize this is like playing a conference game against anybody in your league where you know you have to be ready to play and hope that we can play well.

Q. Is it about finding your rhythm, you think, after a little lay-off?
COACH BARNES: Yeah, we played on Sunday. We had three games in three days. And we played three games -- I don't know how many hours -- we knew coming into this we had to get our legs back and get, more than anything, get our bodies back.

And so we didn't do a lot coming into it. And I think some of it is getting your rhythm back and getting back to playing. So, but now we know what we've got to do, we've got to go out and execute.

Q. I know that you're busy, always preparing for the next game, but this time of year do you watch a lot of basketball? Do you watch a lot of other games?
COACH BARNES: I don't. Personally I don't because I don't want to get sidetracked on anything. I want to stay really locked in. But I don't watch a lot during the season, normally. I just don't do that because I'm just going to -- because I tell our guys that we've got to stay locked into what we're doing.

I watch a lot of film of us. We film practice, and I do a lot of that all the time. But I've got a great coaching staff that we're always -- they're doing their jobs with scouting and they know what they need to do. But I just don't watch a lot of it this time of year, maybe because I feel like I'm in this hotel for a long time, I flip back and forth and all that and watch some here or there.

But I don't like watching a lot because I don't want to get my mind going in directions and thinking about things other than what I should be thinking about.

Q. Do you think your players, are they basketball fans, do they watch a lot?
COACH BARNES: Oh, I think they watch everything. I think they're involved with it. But yet that's part of it, too. It's a great time. It really is. And like prior to coming here we were back there watching the LSU/Maryland game, like that. But I don't have the patience right now to just sit down and watch a game from start to finish unless it's got something to do directly with us.

Q. I know you started your career back here with Gary Williams and Fran Fraschilla and those guys, I think you were on that staff?
COACH BARNES: Fran took my place.

Q. That's right. I wondered if you saw this locale and took stock of your career. You had a hell of a career and where you were when you were a very young coach in George Mason and those places. How are you different now in dealing with this circus than you would have been back then?
COACH BARNES: Well, first of all, after our game yesterday, I thought back immediately to 19 -- I think it was 1979 -- where Fran McCaffery and Sherman Dillard and I were working the University of Maryland basketball camp together. And so we've known each other for a long time. And one of the very first players we signed at George Mason was Sherman Dillard's brother, Ricky. And we've known each other for a long time.

And coming through here, the year I was here, I've told people maybe the greatest coaching job I've ever been a part of was watching Gary Williams, what he did my time one year with him here. But you learn a lot. I think as a young head coach you try to -- you sometimes can put a little more pressure on your team than you probably need to.

Q. Why?
COACH BARNES: Because you want to win. And you realize, one, that it's not something you ever take for granted. I mean, there's a lot of teams now that -- the thing is to get to this tournament every year. That's got to be your goal.

And the way our business has turned into, it seems if you don't get there, good things don't happen to you. Or happen for you. But I think you learn and you learn -- I think as I've gotten older the biggest thing I've learned is to trust my players more as much as anything and know that their hard work they put into it, and you've got to let them play the game and you can't joystick it all the time and think you're going to try to control every possession. And as a young coach I was probably guilty of that.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Josh, it seemed like they had a really great plan for attacking your zone and kind of used Mooney, kind of a dose of your medicine with the high post and kicking it out.
JOSH PASTNER: It's a disadvantage of playing them -- this is the seventh time we've played them against our defense, you know, so that was just one of the things -- in fact, when they were playing Pittsburgh in Notre Dame, I had told our staff we would have been better off playing Pittsburgh because they have only seen us once and Notre Dame, this is would have been the seventh time that Coach Brey has seen us and so they did a good job, but they also made shots. The first two times we played them, if you look at the numbers, we held them in the 20 percent range from three and 31 percent from the field. We just -- today they made a lot of threes.

They were just on fire that first half, and you've got to give them full credit. And we were actually playing okay offensively, and we scored 32 points. We only had two turnovers. We had seven assists on 13 made field goals. They had probably their best half all year long was against us this first half, and that's just one of those things, unfortunately.

Q. Do you feel snake bit at this point? It seems like every time you start to get a little momentum going, things kind of go backwards on you. You had a game where your offense played pretty well.
JOSH PASTNER: Yeah, you know, I was just saying that for us we have -- a big step for us we've got to make, I said before the year that we needed to win road games. We've won some tough road games at North Carolina State, at Arkansas, at Syracuse, but then our next step is we've got to be consistent. If we want to get to not playing on Tuesday, so we're playing in the NCAA Tournament, our consistency level -- and I still believe the best way to do that is getting old, staying old, and getting old, our team, our core group will all be back next year, obviously, so they'll just get older by just the natural maturation of college basketball.

But that's a big thing is consistency. We were really good against Boston College, really good against North Carolina State, and we were really good the second half, and we were good offensively the first half. We just had a bad defensive game the first half.

You know, I was sitting next to a coach next to me before the game, another ACC coach, and he told me, he said, in all his years, he's never seen his defenses -- I swear to you I said this in my mind -- he said, in all my years, I've never seen a defense that's not man-to-man that's as good as yours, because we came into this game fifth in the country in three-point defense, and we play all zone. Most teams against zone you gave up -- fifth in the country in three-point defense. That's how good we are. And he said that to me, and I was like, I hope he doesn't jinx us. And I really felt that when he said that -- I said that in my mind, when he told me that before the game, I hope he doesn't jinx us. They were just incredible from the three-point line. They were on fire. It was probably Notre Dame's best half all year, and it just came at the right time. Unfortunately for us, it came at the wrong time.

Q. What did you think about the way you guys were playing defensively, particularly in the first half?
JOSH PASTNER: Well, we just -- they made a lot of great shots, and we weren't as good the first half. I mean, there's just no other way to deny it. Our defense, which has been our staple all year long, just we failed the first half.

But second half we were obviously much better. They scored 26 points the second half. First half they had 52. We haven't done that all year long. It was just a bad first half.

And again, there's no excuse. It's just, I don't know if it's -- if it was the conference tournament or we didn't play Saturday, I don't know why we played the way we played, but again, that falls on my shoulder, and we've got to go back to the drawing board and figure that out, and the best thing we can do is not put ourselves to be playing on Tuesday. That's the goal is we've got to get to the next days. And if you're not playing on Tuesday, you're probably going to be in the tournament, so that's what we've got to accomplish.

Q. Moses, when you came out of the second half, you scored I think the first eight points for them. I'm just wondering, was that part of the adjustments at halftime, adjustment strategy, try to get you the ball down underneath, or was that more a question of just how things worked out?
MOSES WRIGHT: It was how things worked out. When we went in the locker room, Sylvester got on us about how we were so lax in the first half and how we had to be more aggressive. So when I caught it in the high post, I just attacked then on defense, and I just scored.

JOSH PASTNER: Moses has gotten better and better, which I'm really proud of him, as has James, and for us, look, the bottom line is for us, José had a tough game. And in this league your guard play has to be good every time you step on the floor. Boston College, NC State, our guard play was good and we won both games. Today Michael Devoe was solid but José he had five assists to one turnover but it's hard in this league if your guards aren't really good every time you step on the floor, and tonight, this afternoon, José didn't play his best, and obviously that was a struggle for us.

Q. That's actually what I was going to ask is even if you have Moses going for 25, how difficult is it to win if your point guard goes 0-for for the first 38 minutes?
JOSH PASTNER: We're probably not winning. When you were at the Florida State game, and in that stretch of -- José had been, the last six or seven games, he'd been averaging at a high level, and you look at how good we'd been playing. Prior to that he was just in a bad slump, in a funk, and we weren't real good offensively. Thank God our defense saved us.

But without José playing well, he's our engine in a sense, and it's not that he has to make 30 points, it's that he's got to have the energy level, and I just didn't think he had his same fight energy level that he usually has. He's our motor guy for that.

And in this league, you've got to have great guard play to perform every time you step on the floor in this league.

James did his job. He did a double-double. Moses did his job. It's just, when we're relying on José for that, we need him to produce. But he's been in a stretch where he's really played well. This is his first off game in about the last six, seven games.

Q. James, how difficult has it been to defend? They have two good posts that can score and Mooney is really difficult because he can stretch the court. How was that match-up for you today?
JAMES BANKS: Oh, Mooney is a great player. Juwan, he did a great job in the post, as well. But once we were able to get out -- it's a lot more difficult than 20 because of the responsibilities that I have playing that X 5. But when we were able to go into man, the biggest thing is just not letting them get the catch because we're playing against good players in the ACC, and you let them get that catch, they have a package that they're able to score.

Q. Moses, can you describe a little bit just the confidence you felt every time -- it seemed like the offense was kind of running through you. You seemed like you were looking to score in the second half. I'm curious if you've ever felt like that in a game, particularly at this level.
MOSES WRIGHT: My teammates really helped me get that confidence because first half I wasn't really looking to be aggressive. But with the four other players that was on the court and the bench players, they really helped motivate me to be aggressive.

JOSH PASTNER: For Moses, he's come a long way. He's really starting to be consistent. He's got to have a great off-season. But you've got to remember, Moses was literally a zero start recruit. I think we were his only scholarship offer. And he's only been playing for a few years of organized basketball. Prior to that he was a tennis player. So I'm proud of Moses. He has gotten a lot better.

In these last two games, even this last stretch, three or four or five games he's been playing, but especially his last two, he's played as well as anybody in the league. He's been very high level, so very proud of him for that.

Q. Josh, what are you missing to kind of kick your team to the next level? What do you need to add in the off-season, or what do you need to develop in the off-season?
JOSH PASTNER: Let me tell you this: As I said in my radio show last night, I didn't come to Georgia Tech to finish 10th place and not be in the NCAA Tournament. The whole objective is to get the program back to the NCAA Tournament and then the next step is to try to move up the ladder from there and try to compete with the upper tier for league titles, but the first step is to get to the NCAA Tournament, that is the objective. You know, initially it was a five-year plan because I truly believed we had to get old and stay old. I really believe if we had Josh Okogie back this year, we would have been in the tournament, but we didn't. He starts for the Timberwolves.

Missing him was a crushing blow for this season, but going for next season, we've got to move the needle because we'll have our core group back. Of course we're going to continue to recruit and recruit guys in the spring, but we've got to most importantly continue to get the current guys better. So we've got a great core group, got to maybe sign another guy or two in the spring, and we've got to move the needle next year. That's important, and we're positioned to do that. I really believe we're in position to do that, to take the next step and put ourselves in position to the NCAA Tournament. Now, is it going to be easy? No. There's a lot of good teams. The league is 20 games. We're playing Arkansas, 21, Georgia, 22, the ACC-Big Ten Challenge, 23, three games in Diamond Head in Hawaii. That's 26 high-major teams you're playing. So there's not a lot of room for -- or 27, I guess, whatever it is, 26 or 27 high-major teams that we're going to be playing. So we're going to have to -- our work is going to be cut out for us, and we're going to have to have wins, and like I said, be in the top nine, I guess, to get you to Wednesday, and you probably put yourself in a position in the NCAA Tournament as you see with Clemson and North Carolina State, 8 and 9, they've got themselves in a position.

So we have had a good growth year. Guys have had an opportunity to get a lot of playing time, and they'll grow. We'll get better, and the goal is next year to really move the needle and let's get our butts back into the NCAA Tournament.

Q. Danny, it seems like you got some things going offensively when you were trying to make a comeback, but what was the problem on defense where you guys couldn't seem to get any stops?
DANNY MANNING: You know, a lot of it is just couldn't stay in front of Lykes or Johnson. Those two guys are really talented. And Lawrence played really well, also. You know, he got to the free-throw line. I thought in the first half, we lost D.J. a little bit too much. Going into it, we knew he was a knock-down shooter, and he gets off seven threes throughout the course of the ballgame.

So it's just needing to do a better job of sitting down and staying in front of the basketball.

Q. To either of the players, how disappointing or frustrating is it to play so well in stretches like you did in the first half when you took the lead, and then the second half late in the game but not be able to sustain it at this point in the season?
BRANDON CHILDRESS: I mean, it's obviously a tough part of it because of me as a leader, as a veteran of the team, I feel like I can do more, not just on the court but in terms of leadership level, just making sure guys keep our composure, things like that. But obviously we came up short. We had some good plays, had some good stretches throughout the course of the game, but I just feel like we didn't do a good job of putting up a collective 40 minutes of basketball like we've been doing, especially the second half of the season.

JAYLEN HOWARD: It was tough. You know, obviously we fought hard. We were just really trying to win the basketball game. But we weren't like consistently throughout the game, and it's happened like multiple times this year, and it's frustrating because we fight hard out there on the court but can't seem to put like 40 minutes together. So it was frustrating today.

Q. Brandon, this year you've had the weight of the team on your shoulders, playing a significant amount more minutes than last year. Talk about your growth as a player this year.
BRANDON CHILDRESS: It was a huge step for me. It started with Coach Manning from the beginning of the season telling me things are going to change for you, especially off the court. You've got to do a much better job of taking care of your body, understanding when to do more and do less, and most of it was just off the court, continue to have a good workout, continue to work but also maintain taking care of my body, eating right, getting enough rest, and just letting everything take care of itself. In the first half of the season, the numbers were good, just continuously to be solid throughout the course of the season. I had a little slump at one point, but he kept my head high, just told me to stay aggressive throughout the course of the season, and everything just took care of itself. That was basically it, just maintain the rest and just keeping my body strong and stuff like that.

Q. Danny, you had one of the youngest teams in the league, even the country this year, a team that's probably a year away. Do you think you're going to be back next year to coach them?
DANNY MANNING: That's my hope. That's always the hope. You know, I feel I'll be back. You know, I'll look at the score card, the score sheet and everyone that scored is an underclassman. You talked about it. We had some guys that grew a significant amount this year in terms of their growth from the start to the finish, and that's how we want to build it. We build it with our young guys, and we had a really good freshman class come in and got a lot of key contributions from a lot of guys throughout the course of the season, and even tonight on the score card, we had a lot of freshmen make big contributions for us in terms of scoring the basketball and rebounding the basketball.

Q. Danny, what were your thoughts on the change in athletic director at Wake Forest, obviously John Currie taking over May 1st?
DANNY MANNING: I'm excited to work with John. Ron hired me, and I've gotten to know him very well during my time at Wake Forest. He's become a good friend and been extremely supportive, and I look forward to building the same type of relationship as we move forward.

Q. Jaylen said that you guys have had a hard time putting 40 good minutes together all season. Is that just a product of the youth, or was there something else that prevented that from happening as the season went along?
DANNY MANNING: Well, I think it's a combination of a few things. You don't have experience until you have it, and I've said this before, we threw a lot of our -- we threw all of our young guys out there to the wolves, so to speak, to kind of figure out on the fly, and they had some really good moments, and they had some freshman moments. But I think they've grown, and they've developed, and across the board. Brandon, this was a new role for him this year. This was a new role for Chaundee this year, even Olivier, the returning guys that we had. Everyone had a new role going into the season. I think we've shown some growth. I think there's some times when we've done some really good things, and there's some times when there's some areas that we have to continue to improve in. But I do believe that this group continued to work hard and put forth t

Q. Coach, can you just talk about survive and kind of that stretch in the second half where you had to sit your point guard because of foul trouble and that seemed like a pretty big turning point of the game where it could have kind of easily got out of control for you and you guys did a good job of handling their press?
JIM LARRAÑAGA: Yeah we only have seven guys, and when we get in foul trouble, anybody, in the first half, Izundu had two he, Chris had two, Sam Waardenburg had two, and two doesn't seem like too many, but what ends up happening is guys with two fouls tend to like worry about that and don't want to foul and they don't plate great defense. And so we had to sit hem out for a good while we put Chris back in with two, but fortunately he didn't pick up his third. But when he was out, that leaves it up to these two guys and Zach Johnson to do all its ball handling and I thought what we were doing offensively really worked because Anthony Lawrence when he was in high school played point guard and he's very comfortable out there handling the rock. So real proud of him.

Q. You got Virginia Tech next, they put up over 80 points, I think in both meetings you had with them this year, what do you need to do better defensively tomorrow?
JIM LARRAÑAGA: We got to keep them from scoring 80. 80's too much. The whole game with them is they're an incredible three-point shooting team, puts a lot of pressure on you to defend the three and then Kerry Blackshear is having a tremendous season, and he's a real force, both inside and outside. Outside as a facilitator and inside as a scorer and offensive rebounder. I think we can guard them much better than we have in the first two games, but that's easy for me to say, I don't have to put on a jersey and guard one of those crazy shooters.

Q. For the players, when you think back to the two meetings with Virginia Tech and including last week, what do you guys need to do better to have a different outcome tomorrow?
DEJAN VASILJEVIC: We got to stop them from scoring 80 points but also talk in transition. That's where they got a lot of their points and be able to guard our man one-on-one. They spread the court out really well and rebound. So that's what we got to do.

ANTHONY LAWRENCE: I think we got to play better one-on-one defense and guarding the perimeter and taking away the three, they're a very good three-point shooting team, so we got to come out and defend the three very well.

Q. How much confidence do you guys get from getting a win and playing as well as you did kind of to carry some momentum into this game, because it seemed like a lot of maybe people were looking past the lower-seeded ACC teams but because the league is so difficult, maybe teams are better than their records.
DEJAN VASILJEVIC: Yeah, definitely. Loyola did the same thing to us last year and went on a run. We're going to try and do that. People underestimate the lower-seeded teams. Once they get go on a run, it's hard to stop, so we're going to try and do that this tournament.

DEJAN VASILJEVIC: Yeah, definitely toil went on a run try and do that people lower-seeded teams. Once they got going on a run, it's hard to stop, so we're going to try and do that this tournament.

Q. D.J., when you came into the league you were primarily known as a spot-up three-point shooter, yet today we saw you put the ball on the floor numerous times and in fact sort of a alley-oop there in the second half. What have you done to expand your offensive game?
JIM LARRAÑAGA: Excuse me, wait a minute, we threw him an alley-oop? We threw him an alley-oop? That's what that was called?

DEJAN VASILJEVIC: So after my foot injury over the summ

Q. Coach, I wonder if you could talk about the two freshmen guards. They seemed to hurt you on the penetrations. How dangerous are they moving forward here in the next few years?
JIM CHRISTIAN: Well, obviously, I mean, they took over the game, just by attacking the rim. The first time we played them, we did a great job of keeping them in front and then protecting the basket, walling up the basket, making them finish over us, and today we did an awful job of both. So they were going by people, and then our secondary defender was just not in the way, and because of it, they took over the game. So obviously moving forward, they're two really good players, and they're going to be -- obviously continue to get better.

Q. To both of the players, I think you guys only had one field goal in the last nine minutes of the first half. What went wrong? What was the cause of the drought? And how much did that kind of knock you guys back?
STEFFON MITCHELL: We stopped moving the ball. We weren't making extra passes like we did in the first couple minutes of the game, and then we started letting our offense affect our defense.

JARED HAMILTON: Yeah, Steffon said, we stopped doing what was working for us starting out the gate when we got the early lead.

Q. For both players, you guys got off to a great start. I mean, it looked like you were going to just run away with it. Did you have a feeling at that point that this was going to be your night?
STEFFON MITCHELL: Early on we were moving the ball. We turned them over quite a bit, very often in the beginning, but then we stopped getting away from it, stopped ball pressuring, gave up open lines to the rim, and that's going to happen.

JARED HAMILTON: Yeah, I don't think it was so much whose night it was. I think it was just we were playing basketball the right way, and we got away from it.

Q. Jim, if you could start and then maybe the players address it, as well. Ky did not have his best game tonight and really struggled in the first half, both shooting and he also had four turnovers. How disconcerting is it since as much of a leader he is when that happens, and how much does it kind of carry over to other guys?
JIM CHRISTIAN: You know, nobody is going to be great every night. There's a lot of things that you can do in basketball. I think sometimes we dwell on offense. If a guy is not making shots, you can still play fantastic. It's the other areas of the game. You can't let one area, one particular area of your game affect how you can impact a game, and I think we did that from a bunch of guys the last couple games where you can't judge how effective you're playing by if the ball is going in the basket. That's a great aspect, and that's what everybody wants, but there's a lot of ways to impact the game, and I think that's the one great strength that Ky has, has had all year. He didn't do it tonight, but he's able to impact the game on the backboard, he's able to impact the game getting a steal, able to impact the game in a lot of different ways, orchestrating our offense, and I think tonight when shots weren't falling, it's just he wasn't impacting the game the way a great player -- and he is a great player -- usually does.

STEFFON MITCHELL: What Ky did was he had a tough game, but that's our job to pick him up when it's not working by contributing more scoring, getting more stops and just giving him more opportunities.

Q. What did you say to them in the time-out?
JEFF CAPEL II: I said, stop turning the ball over, let's settle into the game, and we have to be strong. We have to be sharp, and we have to defend. That was really it, just settle into the game and let's play.

Q. How much do you feel like the win over Notre Dame, and having really something go your way for the first time in a couple months, how much did you see that impact and maybe buoy your team's confidence over the last couple days?
JEFF CAPEL II: I thought it helped us a lot. Obviously if you win, that gives you confidence. We had been close, but we hadn't been able to finish the deal, and so I thought that win was big for us. I thought we had a little bit of momentum coming in here off of that win. We had a couple of really good practices in preparation for the game, and obviously after the start that we had, I thought for the rest of the game we played really well.

Q. These two guys seemed like they were attacking the hole, and that's where you're getting a lot of buckets. Was that part of the strategy going in, and can you talk about their effectiveness doing that?
JEFF CAPEL II: You know, that's our strategy every game was to try to attack. We've been a very streaky shooting team, but when we've been at our best is when we've been able to get downhill and attack, when we're able to defend well and defensive rebound and get out in transition, these two guys, they're athletic, they're fearless, and they can attack and they can put pressure on a defense. It was the first time in a while that we've gotten to the line like this. We got 32 free throws, and these two guys stepped up and made 19, so that's big for us. When we've been at our best this year, these two guys have been able to put pressure on the defense and get to the foul line.

I thought they were terrific. I thought they dictated the pace, the tempo. I thought they gave us confidence, and I thought that led to other guys stepping up and making big plays.

Q. Both of the players, what was the key to getting to the rim so easily it seemed, and did you notice them kind of getting knocked back a little bit as you were scoring so close to the basket?
XAVIER JOHNSON: That's the key every game is attack. I mean, last time we played them, they littered the paint, and I shot 3 for 19 from the field. Today I shot 7 for 14, and that was the difference.

TREY MCGOWENS: I think the biggest thing was spacing and moving them off the ball, didn't give them a chance to just sit in the paint, so when they moved around, when we were moving without the ball, just opened up lanes.

Q. For both guys, I mean, being out there on the court, in that four or five-minute stretch to end the first half, how much could you feel the game and the momentum change?
XAVIER JOHNSON: We felt the momentum change a lot. I would say for the first like four minutes, I'm going to be honest, I was kind of nervous and I knew they were kind of nervous because our first time playing an ACC Tournament game. But I mean, that fell off after I guess the first four minutes.

TREY MCGOWENS: Yeah, it just seemed like everything was moving fast. It was our first time on a stage like this. But once he called a time-out, told us to settle down, after that I felt like everything was pretty smooth.

Q. With Syracuse coming up to tomorrow, how do you take getting to the rim against BC's man-to-man and sort of keep that success against the 2-3?
TREY MCGOWENS: I think being able to attack, and then we were -- I think we shot it pretty well from the three today, at least it felt like that. But just attacking and then making them close the gaps and kick-outs.

XAVIER JOHNSON: I would say the same thing, keep attacking at the right moments. We've got to get our footwork right because last time I think we got a lot of travel calls.

Q. For Trey, I think this is the first time you've had 25 points or more in a game since you guys pulled off that big upset against Florida State. Did you kind of feel pretty good coming into this game? How can you explain your performance?
TREY MCGOWENS: I just felt like probably last game, I played pretty well, and then this game was kind of -- at the beginning I was kind of hesitant, not shooting a lot of shots, and then Coach and Xavier they just told me to shoot the ball because I'm open, stop being hesitant and just play.

Q. What did you guys do to keep Bowman from being so effective? I think he was only 3 of 13 maybe?
JEFF CAPEL II: 3 of 10.

Q. What was the strategy on him, and how did you execute it?
JEFF CAPEL II: I thought that we wanted to have -- we didn't want him to see space. He's really, really good. I think he's as good a guard as we have in our league. We wanted to be in the gaps, and that's where I said us understanding the game plan and understanding personnel.

I thought our bigs, I thought Kene and Terrell did a terrific job on their ball screen defense, on their coverages and early in the game we got a couple of deflections on Bowman trying to make some passes, and I thought we frustrated them a little bit. We wanted to try to wear them out, too. I thought picking them up full court, we didn't start the game that way, but after we called the first time-out, we started picking up full court, and I thought he wore down a little bit as the game went on. One of the things coming in is that we wanted to make him guard, and we wanted to put him in ball screens, we wanted to have space when he was on one of these two guys, and let them drive him, and I thought all of those things kind of made him a little bit fatigued.

He missed some shots that he normally makes, but I think our defense and our attention to detail with how we wanted to guard him was really good.

Q. Coach, can you just talk about -- was there something you saw on film against their zone or something in particular with the execution in the first half on offense, or was it just baskets falling, because it seemed like you probably had the most success in the first half.
MIKE BREY: Yeah, you know, we're a good passing team. What's crazy is, again, we shot a crazy percentage today, but our percentage hasn't been very good. But our assist to turnover, even with a poor shooting percentage through 18 league games, is good. We're good with the ball. We don't throw the ball away. We usually get a shot. We just haven't made the first shot much.

And I thought tonight, we did. I thought Laszewski on the floor to start the game, you know, having another shooter against the zone stretched it and helped us. He was fabulous in the high post, making decisions, and our guards are really good with the ball. TJ and Prentiss just know where the ball -- we've got transition stuff which helped us. We got some easy buckets in transition.

Q. John, you got to play basically some point forward almost. What was that like doing that in terms of the offense and kind of being the guy that's the distributor and maybe the finisher instead of being more of a focal point?
JOHN MOONEY: Yeah, somebody talked, before the game, watching film a little bit last night, was that high post guy is definitely very important to kind of be able to get it there and read. We were moving guys in and out throughout the whole entire game. But yeah, once you get it up there, you kind of just turn it up, face the basket, and I have shooters around me ready to shoot the ball, so it's easy to pass it to a Dane Goodwin or a Nate or TJ or Prentiss Hubb, and they're ready to catch it and fire it. Just an all-around great win.

Q. Mike, to go fought first half, you seemed like you're really moving the ball well, you mentioned getting it into the free-throw line and spreading it out. How close to just what you really wanted out of the game plan did you play in the first half?
MIKE BREY: We haven't played a half like that all year. It was just really neat to watch us move and cut and handle the ball and score it. We've not had a half like that. Of course I told the halftime interviewer, I said, we wait until Charlotte to find ourselves offensively? Come on now, fellas. But we are a good passing team. Like we are good with the ball. We just haven't made enough of those first ones, and we got confident -- you know, we had a good practice yesterday. We played 4 on 4 because I can't play 5 on 5. I don't have enough guys. We actually played 4 on 4. And we made a lot of shots in our little scrimmage, and that always helps you. Kids felt good. We're starting three freshmen. Durham is a new guy, too. For them to come out of the gate in an ACC Tournament game the way they did, I'm really proud of them because we've been searching for confidence at times the last three months.

Q. Mike, could you just tell us the extent of Laszewski's injury, and if he's not available, what are your options tomorrow?
MIKE BREY: Well, it's a bad bruise. The X-rays were negative, thank God. They took him up and X-rayed him X-rayed him. We'll try and get him loose for tomorrow, but the group that played pretty much the whole second half may be the group that whole game. Chris Doherty gave us some good minutes, I think he made a shot off his forehead at the end of the shot clock, it's a thing we work on with our big guys (laughter), but Liam Nelligan, our walk-on is probably going to have to play a little bit, too.

I hope we can get Nate loose because the Pittsburgh game and today, we've been kind of waiting on that from Nate and I was so frustrated when he went down because I think he's kind of found his game, as has Dane Goodwin, te two of them have kind of found themselves late in the year.

Q. You replaced a lot of guys as you kind of alluded to --
MIKE BREY: Yeah, a lot of men.

Q. And in terms of playing an ACC schedule, do you feel like this is sort of coming to fruition of the experience you guys got in the last part of the season?
MIKE BREY: Yeah, I was so hoping that we could find a little bit of a rhythm down here, after a really tough 18 games in the regular season. We knew we were going to be in a youth movement. We knew that. But for our young guys to play confident down here, this guy has been fabulous. I don't know how he has any energy left. We have rode him so hard, and he just goes double-double against unbelievable athletic front lines every single night.

I'm happy for the kids because they have invested. They've been coachable, and they've hung in there even though it hadn't been as fun a January or February.

Q. Mike, when you're trying to basically finesse a lead for a whole half and it's down -- you see it shrinking -- how much confidence do you have that you can find a play at the end like John's shot that will carry you through?
MIKE BREY: Well, today was a big day for us in the second half because we've been in search of that play. We have played people close in this league, but we have not been able to get over the hump with a big offensive possession. Even making key free throws, a key defensive stop. And for Johnny, first of all, we got it to the right spot, and for Johnny to rise up and do it, that's kind of new for us. I was proud because we've been in search of that.

But the guy that should be shooting it at that time should be this guy.

Q. You've had a lot of battles with Louisville. Just can you speak on tomorrow night, you just played them a couple weeks ago and kind of the match-up.
MIKE BREY: Yeah, you know, they're really good. Chris has done an unbelievable job in year one there. The frustrating thing about our game in Louisville two weeks ago or a week ago was I felt it would have been game situations, but we missed all kinds of free throws in the second half, and we've been a good free-throw shooting team for the year.

But we're going to have to rebound, and we're going to have to score, and you know, tonight we -- I told our guys a couple of the time-outs in the first half, we're going to score 85, we're going to score 95, and you've got to score against these guys. They're very good.

Q. John, all-ACC awards came out yesterday. Happy to be mentioned? Do you feel like you were snubbed or a little combination of both?
JOHN MOONEY: No, I mean, I think it's definitely always an honor to be recognized on one of the best conferences in America's all team. There's obviously some great players in this league, probably some first-round and second-round draft picks coming up in the NBA Draft, so it's awesome to be able to compete against those guys. It's a testament to the coaching staff and my teammates for helping me all year, making me a better player.

And yeah, no, I don't think I got snubbed at all, man. It's always an honor to be recognized.

Q. Mike, I think you had one turnover, and that seemed like a really big part of what you did. Speak to the success you had there.
MIKE BREY: Well, Hubb and Gibbs are fabulous with the ball. They're in the top ten of the ACC. They've been there all year, even though we only won three league games. They've been in the top ten assist-to-turnover. They're great with the ball. Goodwin has really improved with the ball. And what's helped is our big guys are good with the ball. Johnny is good with the ball, Juwan is good with the ball, Nate better with the ball but our guards were fabulous dealing with that press the whole second half and just being poised.

Q. Ty, what was it that got you so open especially early on in that 11-0 spurt when you were able to knock down those threes?
TY OUTLAW: It was really just my teammates getting to the paint and being aware that I'm ready to shoot whenever they kick it out. So we were just getting into the paint with the plays we were calling, and I was just ready for it.

Q. How much of what you guys got you clicking on offense in the first half was carryover from what you did well against Miami last Friday?
TY OUTLAW: I think we did all right against Miami, but we didn't feel like we played our best. We could have played way better, and that's what we focused on today, playing our absolute best, not really depending on the opponent, just worried about ourselves. I think we was clicking very well for a good bit of the game.

Q. Ty, you get that award right before you take the floor; your thoughts on getting that award and what it means to you?
TY OUTLAW: I've been through a lot. I'm glad they gave me an award for it, but I wasn't doing it for an award, obviously, but it meant a lot. I always have my team, my family, my friends supporting me, and just to be recognized for it, all the stuff I've been there, was a compliment.

Q. Ty was talking about the way you're playing inside and Nickeil driving was opening things up for them. When they started hitting those threes did things become easier for you to operate in the paint?
KERRY BLACKSHEAR JR.: I think that we tried to attack early in transition that helped each us. I think when you have teammates like ours, it makes the game a lot easier from the start, whether we're hitting or not, because everybody is a threat. We know that if somebody is hot, that's the person we're going to find. We know that each person is going to make the right basketball play for our team, whether that be taking their own shot, finding somebody else, setting a screen, anything like that. It's just great to have teammates like that.

Q. Coach, you're about to have your fourth game in one week and you're playing two opponents that you've -- two rematches. How do you feel about the match-up against Florida State tomorrow afternoon?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: It's strange, right? We're living last week in reverse this week. It's never happened. I agree with what Ty said. I think we were better today than we were on Friday. Obviously a neutral site, new place. But it's never happened, so it's hard for me to have the evidence on what to say. But obviously we didn't do very well in the second half at Florida State. So thankful that we have another chance.

Q. KJ, they cut it to seven in the second half, then you score seven in a row, you get a dunk, you get a three. What were you able to do in that stretch to kind of gain the separation again?
KERRY BLACKSHEAR JR.: I really didn't even know that I scored that much in a row. Just in the flow of the game, we just found good looks. I thought that the intensity on defense led to that run that they made, so I think we picked it up there, then we were able to score in transition at the rim, and finding each other on open shots. I think it started with defense on that run.

Q. For both the players, if you guys could just speak to what did you learn from the first Florida State experience, and then what are your thoughts going into that match-up?
TY OUTLAW: They're a very hard-playing team and they won't back down. It's never over when you're playing against them until the last second goes off the clock. But they have talent. They won't quit on you, so that's what we have to take from the last game. I think we kind of relaxed, even though we tried not to, relaxed a little bit too much and let them get back in it. We've just got to respect them the whole game and not let up.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR JR.: It's going to be a 40-minute dogfight. They're a very talented, capable team. I think that we are, as well. I think it was a good match-up. It was a tale of two halves, and if we keep the intensity that we had similar to the first half for a whole 40 minutes, I think that it puts us in a really good position to win at a neutral site.

Q. Guys, what did you like about your defense today in terms of maybe making it a tough shooting day for them, and you've beaten Miami three times now; why is this a pretty good match-up for you guys?
TY OUTLAW: You know, our whole defense is predicated on making guys shoot threes and just having our hand up. They're very capable shooters. Of course we did well of contesting, but we just game planned better. Like you said, this is our third time playing them. We know exactly what to say. We've a disciplined team. We have great coaches that tell us exactly what to look for, so we just executed.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR JR.: I think this year more than any other year I've been here, we've carried out a specific defensive identity, and I think we've gotten better at that each and every game. What we do defensively is pretty much the same every game. We put different players on the floor for the other team, obviously, but how we want teams to score and how we want to guard teams is the same, so I think that helps each person grow each and every game.

Q. Buzz, Coach Larranaga was in here earlier and he said, did Outlaw even dribble the ball once today, and of course he did out on that fast break drunk, but is an ideal situation where he rarely has to dribble because the passing is so crisp and he's so open?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I would say he would answer that yes. If he has space and he has ten toes to the rim, I think he's an elite level shooter. The key is for him to get space, but that space doesn't normally come from him, it comes by penetration by someone else and forcing help. And so I think that was the first dunk of his career off a steal at Virginia Tech.

TY OUTLAW: Florida State, my first year playing at Tech, same thing, a steal. But it's my second one.

BUZZ WILLIAMS: Two. Sorry I didn't remember.

Q. When Ty had to go to the locker room, Isaiah came in and scored seven. I think he's back to back games now with double figures. This is a guy who came very late in the summer, like you've said earlier in the season. What have you seen from his growth to just have this great performance today in the ACC Tournament?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: It's the only player in my career that never attended summer school that played the next year. And obviously, upon arrival, we weren't worried about summer school because we did not anticipate that he was going to play this year, and I think the trajectory of the importance to what he gives us is unlike any player that I've seen at his age. I think he's the second youngest player in Division I. So his maturity and handling those responsibilities, and sometimes because he's old and K is old and Five is old and Med is old, sometimes I think our language is so much that I do a poor job of maybe educating Chico on, I'm sorry, I assumed you knew what that was. And so that requires a very high IQ for him to even pick up and translate what it is that we're saying.

But he's meant a great deal to us, and I think maybe most importantly, his energy off the bench has really changed us on both ends.

Q. KJ, Florida State poses such a physical -- they're one of the biggest teams in the league. What kind of a situation does that pose for you guys where all your front court players will be playing against taller players?
KERRY BLACKSHEAR JR.: I think they're probably like one of the biggest teams in the country, but I think that's an advantage that every team is going to have on us essentially. I think all the front court players are going to be bigger. It's a fight that we've been preparing for each and every game. So no different than any other game. We're going to watch film on them, figure out how we're going to attack the glass, figure out how we're going to stop the penetration, and simple as that, I think.

Q. What do you need to battle from the first time in Tallahassee in the rematch, and what do you need to do better from the second half in Tallahassee?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah, similar to what K just said, some of that played itself out in today's game, other than the third ATO. When we don't get in rotation, that means we're able to keep the ball high on the floor, that means that we're in the appropriate gaps. That means we at least have inside position to rebound, and potentially it means that the shot that the opponent takes is contested.

Where we struggled is when the front line gaps are not doing their job, which forces us into rotation. It's typically these two guys. And so now if they're considered big, now our biggest guys are way out on the floor. And so the shot is probably not contested to the degree we want it, and we're at a disadvantage on the offensive glass.

In the first half at Florida State, we were able to keep the ball high on the floor and not get in the rotation. In the second half we did a poor job of that, and their pressure really bothered us offensively the first eight or nine minutes of the second half.

Q. Buzz, I'm sure you'll understand with the success you've had these things will come more and more, but there was a report linking you to Texas A&M, that they would be interested in you. I'm curious, do you address that at all with the guys and do you have any reaction to that report?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: No, sir, I've never commented on jobs. I don't think that's appropriate by our kids. Where I'm employed, that's just -- I can't control what people say. I've got to make sure I'm doing my best with these guys.


Q. Coach, as you mentioned, tomorrow you play against UNC, you guys split the season this year. What are your thoughts going into the game, and how do you prepare for them tomorrow?
CHRIS MACK: Well, when you play a team for a third time, both teams are going to have great familiarity with one another. Coach Williams doesn't try to trick you. They're going to try to race the ball up the floor. They're going to try to pound it inside, and they're going to try to decimate you on the glass. They did that in Game 2. They didn't do it as well in Game 1. But that's going to be the answer for us if we're going to be able to be here as winners tomorrow night, to be able to keep them out of transition, make it a 5 on 5 game, keep them off the glass. Again, easier said than done. They're one of the best teams in the country, and we recognize that. But they don't try to fool you.

Q. Question for you, Coach, and you, Jordan. Coach, you mentioned that Mooney was the focus of attention. What did you do? And Jordan, it looked like you guys' length kind of bothered their inside shooters.
JORDAN NWORA: Yeah, when we were preparing for them, Mooney was obviously one of our main focuses, so just playing tough, not letting them back down. Everybody did a great job of guarding them, 1 through 5 a lot of guys got switched on to them. I don't think length played a big part in it. I think it was just us being tough, just being tough this game, and not letting them get to the rim at will, bully us in the paint, and that's what really helped us.

CHRIS MACK: He does a really good job when he catches it in the long post, turning and facing and sort of jab and creating space, and I thought our guys didn't let that jab create the space. We really tried press up into him, force him to dribble the ball, and hopefully we could have a second or third defender at least close to the situation when he got close, and did a really good job. Like Jordan said, it wasn't just one or two guys because when they play him at the 4 we're going to switch a lot of his ball screens, so we had point guards, and Darius did a great job, CC, all the guards were on him at some point in the post.

Q. Question for Coach: Keeping Carolina out of transition is one, and the second question is you defeated them at home. How do you think the hometown crowd will be tomorrow night?
CHRIS MACK: Well, it's going to be obviously pro-Carolina. I'm hoping the Duke fans get excited, too, for the Louisville Cardinals. But keeping them out of transition, we've got to score. We can't turn the ball over. If we have live ball turnovers like we did at the end of the first half, that's going to put one of the fastest teams in the country in the open court. So we have to do a great job with our ball security, and then getting numbers ahead of the ball. White is a blur in transition, his bigs are going to run, and they're going to spread you with shooters.

As I told these guys before, we've done it. It doesn't make it any easier tomorrow night, but that's the first thing that we have to take care of if we put ourselves in position to win.

Q. Coach, talk about the importance of being able to rest some of your players tonight and to play a lot of people knowing you had to come back and play a big tough game tomorrow night.
CHRIS MACK: Well, I thought our bench played great. It's always easy to play more guys when they're playing as well as they did. I thought Ryan obviously, despite the turnover there in the first half, shot the eyes out of it. We ran a few plays for him. You know, it's nothing that we don't expect. If he gets some daylight, we feel like it's going in. Thought V.J. King and Darius Perry gave us great minutes, so when they're effective they're going to play more. It really didn't have anything to do with trying to rest them for tomorrow night. We extended the lead when our substitutes were in there so we're going to go with the hot hand and the guys that were getting the job done, and those guys certainly were tonight.

Q. Jordan rebounding against Notre Dame tonight and the last time you guys played them was really good for you guys and was kind of the down fall in the second game against UNC. Do you feel like there's something you've been doing the past couple games that's led you guys being better on the boards or is it just kind of match-ups with this Notre Dame team?
JORDAN NWORA: I think just his last couple of games we've been locking in and focusing on boxing out. I'll call myself out. There are times I didn't do a great job boxing out and they get on me for it. There are a lot of times I don't do a great job boxing out and they get on me for it. It's just us boxing out and just being tough and being physical with guys. We can't get bullied, like I said earlier, and that's really the key to battling these guys on the glass.

Q. I just want to get the players' thoughts on Carolina tomorrow and the kind of challenges they present.
RYAN MCMAHON: Well, they just play fast, and their men on the glass, those are the two keys to the game, honestly. Like Coach said, they're one of the fastest teams in the country. We've got to cake care of the ball and not give them any easy points.

JORDAN NWORA: Yeah, I'm just going to go with what he said, just got to keep them out of transition and fight them on the glass. Those are going to be the two keys to the game. If we want to have a chance, we're going to have to do that.

Q. Ryan, you said the other day that you hoped this tournament would kind of be a fresh start for you guys. Did you feel like how you played tonight lended itself to that?
RYAN MCMAHON: Yeah, I mean, the postseason is kind of a season of its own. You see some teams that really were in a funk and they can get out of it, or they weren't in a funk and then get in one. We've been pretty conscious of that and have been really dialed in and locked in and having had a couple great weeks of practice, and we're excited for our upcoming games.

Q. Jim, did what made them trouble to guard in the first two meetings this year, similar situation to today?
JIM LARRAÑAGA: Yeah, they do the same things. They don't change from game to game, they move the ball extremely fast to basically four guards on the perimeter and a big guy who can really handle. All five guys shoot the three. They spread you out. Their touches, where it's in your hand and out of your hand without dribbling, gives them a chance to get open shots. The defense can't move as fast as the ball can.

When they're making their shots, they're going to score a lot of points.

Q. You talked about their three-point shooting going into this one. In that 11-0 spurt that started the game, did you guys lose track of Outlaw, or what did you see on those three early makes that he had?
JIM LARRAÑAGA: He's really good, and they're really good at finding him. So the problem occurs in basketball when somebody has to help you. If you can just guard your own man, then Outlaw is not open, but when someone is getting beat because Alexander Walker is so good at putting pressure on you or Blackshear is so good at putting pressure on you that you have to help on them, then they just find the open man. Outlaw doesn't dribble. Did he take a dribble today? I don't think so. But that's -- whether it's Hill or Outlaw, their game is catch and shoot, and they're really, really good at it, and Walker and Blackshear and Bede are really good at creating situations where you have to help or the guy is just going to go by you and shoot a lay-up. When you do help, you're too late recovering to them.

Q. Jim, I know we see it all the time, Chris Lykes' contribution, but could you speak to that today, and how is he doing after that spill he took?
JIM LARRAÑAGA: Yeah, he ends up -- he's getting his ankle X-rayed, hoping it's not bad, but I'm not optimistic. He went down really, really hard.

Q. What takeaways do you take from this season? Obviously not the way you wanted to finish, but obviously some building blocks and young players for the future. How do you look at your program moving forward?
JIM LARRAÑAGA: Well, first of all, it was very, very challenging to really have only seven scholarship players available to us, and was very hard to prepare and practice properly because even amongst those seven players, they were dealing with injuries. Ebuka Izundu's back, D.J.'s back, Zach Johnson didn't play in the second half because of a knee injury that happened yesterday. But he's been dealing with that knee situation since he arrived at Miami in the summertime.

He actually sat out an entire month trying to rehab that knee so he could actually play during the season, and he's been in the training room for hours every day so that he can show up and play. And then just before the Carolina game, he sprained the ankle.

When you have so many physical issues that you're dealing with, there's very little preparation. Most of it's mental. A lot of it's just like a walk-through. And then those guys have to play 35 minutes or more. You look at Chris Lykes played 31 minutes, D.J. played all 40, Anthony Lawrence 38. I mean, that's game after game after game, and it's just very, very challenging.

But as far as the future is concerned, we've got a good group coming back. We have two good recruits coming in, and we're still very actively involved in recruiting several players.

Coming into this year, we were picked 10th, finished tied for 11th, but I thought we could have finished in the top five before the season started. I really was very optimistic.

But when we lost all those guys, when we lost those four kids, it was near impossible.

Q. Jim, that's fewer points than you've scored in either of the regular season meetings against Tech. Were they doing things better or differently today?
JIM LARRAÑAGA: That was the fewest number of points they scored, too. They only scored 71, the last time they had 82 and 84. So we went zone. Now, if you watched us during the season, in the last probably eight games, we didn't play a single possession of zone. But the way they started the game, we ended up with guys in foul trouble. We went to the zone trying to slow them down. It actually slowed the whole game down so there was probably fewer possessions today.

Q. D.J., can you just speak to the challenge their perimeter shooters presented and what you guys learned in past games that you tried to apply today?
DEJAN VASILJEVIC: I mean, they played with four guards pretty much, and even Blackshear can shoot the three, so they spread it out pretty well and they share the ball and makes it tough for us, but as Coach said, once we went to the zone we slowed the game down and they're a great team, full credit to them and we've just got to finish the season now and look forward to next season.

Q. D.J., I think you guys shot 33 percent today. Did their defense do certain things to make it a tough shooting day for you?
DEJAN VASILJEVIC: I mean, yeah, if we shoot 33 percent, that affects -- their defense it had an effect on us, but we've gone through so much adversity this season, guys are tired, some of my open shots weren't going in, just not getting my legs under it. But full credit to Virginia Tech; they came out and played hard.

Q. Phil just announced that you guys had the second largest comeback in ACC history. What did you say during halftime to get your guys rallied to come back?
KEVIN KEATTS: Well, we were all disappointed. The team that you saw in the first half was not NC State basketball, and for us to get to this point and play that way we did in the first half, we wasn't happy. So honestly, it was -- I'm not a guy to yell all the time, but there was a little yelling going on, and give these guys credit. I thought they responded.

Q. Coach, I think my question similar to that, I was going to say, what was the message that you were able to deliver to keep these guys in a positive frame of mind to where they could mount such a gigantic comeback?
KEVIN KEATTS: We talked about play as hard as you can for 20 minutes and we'll live with the results. That being said, I knew if we came out and defended the way we were capable of, then obviously we would have a chance to win the game. Like I told you, Markell made big shots down the stretch. I thought Jericole Hellens made a three for us down the stretch and Devin Daniels and I can point to every guy in that locker room that played for NC State and not for each other.

I thought in the first half we pounded the ball too much. We didn't share the ball. We didn't outplay in ball movement, and we cleaned that up in the second half.

Q. Markell, take us through the last 20 seconds or so when they had three fouls to give and were fouling you, and did you feel like the last foul was in the act of shooting, and talk about the pressure free throws that you had to shoot one at a time with like two minutes apart?
KEVIN KEATTS: Are you really going to ask do you think that foul was in the act of shooting? 100 percent it was.

MARKELL JOHNSON: Yeah, going back on that, I definitely think it was, and just going back on the free throws, I've been in a situation like that versus Virginia, and I just wanted to just give it back to my team for what I did in Virginia the first game, and that's make the free throws.

Q. Torin, a lot of talk about bubble status and NCAA Tournament hopes. Did you guys think much about that going into today, about not losing a game that could really hurt you in Selection Sunday, or were you focused on that at all?
TORIN DORN: We don't really try to focus on things like that, we try to let the powers that be handle that and we just play and focus on the next game next game next opponent.

Q. Markell, could you go through that final play? They had fouled you a couple of times and still had one more foul to give. What were you looking for there, and how did you execute that getting in there when they did foul you?
MARKELL JOHNSON: I was just trying to take the best shot as possible getting into the lane, and he just fouled me.

Q. Did you think they might try to foul you again with a foul to give?
MARKELL JOHNSON: Yeah, definitely. I was already thinking that in my head, that they might foul me again.

Q. Markell, at the 5:38 mark when you hit the three that gave you the lead, you smiled. What was going through your mind at that time? Did you know you guys were in it?
MARKELL JOHNSON: Yeah, I knew my teammates had my back from whatever, like from when I shot that three. They had my back the whole game, but they really boosted me. They really helped me. They encouraged me to keep going there down the stretch.

Q. Torin, for you to be from here and to be a part of a win like this in this building, in your city, what's that like for you?
TORIN DORN: You know, it's special being from here and being able to get a first win in the ACC Tournament and us being in a similar situation, being down and coming back and falling a little short in the tournament and being able to come back this year, falling down and being able to pull it off was good for our team, and it shows a mature team and a team that's growing.

Q. For the players, you guys had to expend a lot of energy to come from 16 down to win this game. Now you have to turn around and face a top seed in less than 24 hours. Conservation of energy? What's it going to be like for you guys tonight? And Coach, if you want to weigh in on this, as well, how do you keep your guys fresh for tomorrow?
TORIN DORN: We just turn the page and get ready for the next game, take all the necessary steps to get our bodies right. But this is something that we prepare for. We just practice extremely hard, and it's kind of an identity for us, so we just get back and get some rest and get prepared for tomorrow.

KEVIN KEATTS: Yeah, I would say everybody is going to do through the same situation. Obviously Virginia has a bye that they've earned, a double bye, but when it comes to tournament time, I think we have a team that's built for that. I've got nine guys that right now I feel like I can put in the game and be ready to contribute right away. What'll happen is we've got to use some more guys and try to shorten some guys' minutes.

Q. Earlier this week you talked about how you liked the tournament being in Charlotte and how you'd potentially like it to be in Raleigh. Just by the crowd and the ovation you guys were getting as you were making that comeback, what is your impression of the crowd and how they came out to support you guys?
KEVIN KEATTS: Well, let's start off with this: This is the best tournament in college basketball. Everybody knows it. When I was growing up, I used to love to come to this tournament, when I was a prep school coach I would love to come to this tournament. Now that I'm coaching in the ACC, I don't think there's anything better than this.

I said those things because obviously I think this Carolina, the state of Carolina is where this tournament deserves to be.

Now, if it moves somewhere else, then certainly we're going to go. But our fans were great. We travel well. We've got a passionate fan base, and that's what I love about our fans.

Q. Markell, that time-out between the two free throws gave you some time to think. What was kind of running through your mind in the huddle and then by yourself while you were waiting to shoot that second free throw?
MARKELL JOHNSON: Really just making it. That was the only thing going through any mind, stepping up to the line, being confident and knocking it in. That was really it.

Q. Knowing the last game that you played against UVA, that game going into overtime, how much confidence do you have going into this one knowing the game plan that you had last time nearly worked?
KEVIN KEATTS: Yeah, you know, we say this all the time. I think styles make fights. But I think my team is very confident. Our last two games we were able to go on the road and play great defensively against Boston College, and we held them to 26.7 percent, and then we put together a great second half, obviously, today, and so we're going in as a confident team. We know that they're a very good basketball team. We respect -- Tony has done a tremendous job with their program, but our guys are excited to play.

Q. Defensive rebounding had improved against Wake Forest and against Boston College today and in the second half especially, Clemson got a lot of second shots. They didn't always make them, but they kind of prolonged your taking over the game. How do you shore that up for tomorrow?
KEVIN KEATTS: Well, we've got to do a good job. You know this because you've followed us all year. We're not the biggest team, and so we have to do a great job of gang rebounding, all five guys gotta do a great job of rebounding, and that's something that we've to clean up.

Q. What's Eric Lockett's availability for this ACC Tournament?
KEVIN KEATTS: Yeah, I don't know yet. It wouldn't be fair to say because he hasn't practiced with our team yet, and so I couldn't even tell you what type of shape he's in.

Q. Torin, there were a couple more seconds today, but against Georgia Tech, the inbound pass, the receiver caught it with a good head of steam heading in toward his front court. Today Reed did not. Did you guys specifically try to keep that from happening, and could you go through your defensive mindset on that play?
TORIN DORN: Our defensive mindset was just to keep the guys in front and not fouling and force a tough shot like we did. I think that you never want to lose a game like that, but us losing that game against Georgia Tech helped us today, being able to clean those things up towards the end of games.

Q. Kevin, you made a point, it might have been even the Clemson game the first time, about the way you guys play, that you can be in any game, that this team could hang around with the style of play. I'm curious how much that helps you think in that situation today when you're down big in the first half, that if they do what they do, you know that they can get back in the game?
KEVIN KEATTS: Yeah, I think this team is built for that. We don't want to -- I think somebody said that was the second largest comeback in ACC history. I don't want to be in that position all the time.

Our guys' mind and mental, they think that they can win every game. That's great going in. We've only got four guys who have really participated in any postseason play, would be these two guys and then C.J. Bryce and Braxton Beverly. So I've challenged these guys to take ownership in their team and to will the other guys a win. But I like our guys. I like how hard we compete. There's no quit in us.

Q. In the second half where did you see things kind of break down, and how much of an impact do you think there was from this being y'all's second game in a 26-hour span?
JEFF CAPEL: (No audio.) And then I thought that affected our defense, our inability to score and our hesitancy I thought made us not as in tune to what we were trying to do defensively in the second half.

And they got momentum right away. I think they scored on their first four or five possessions, and they got a lot of confidence, where in the first half I thought our defense was terrific.

We had some breakdowns in the second half right away early, and they got the momentum, and I thought we got deflated a little bit. But we continued to fight.

But they're a good team, and they have veteran guys, although they were missing their best player. They still have guys that were part of a Sweet 16 team and have been really good players in this league. And then Boeheim stepped up and hit some big shots for them.

I just thought that they played better than us in the second half.

Q. Jeff, do you think their size or the big lineup they used in the second half gave you some problem altering a lot of shots you took?
JEFF CAPEL: Yeah, I think so. This is the third time we've played them, and they've been bigger than us every time, so it's bothered us every time, especially at the basket. They're tough to score at the rim, especially if you don't have guys that can play above the rim and have confrontations at the rim with them.

You know, in the first half, look, this guy made six threes. That was the difference in the first half, and it opened some things up and we were able to couple things right there in the mid range, we were able to get the ball to the high post area and make some plays. In the second half they kind of adjusted their zone and kind of sloughed off everyone except for him, so it made it a little more difficult to get into the high post. When they did, they kind of forced us to the basket and the big fella was there to clean up a lot of stuff. So their size did bother us.

Q. Jared, I noticed looking at the stats sheet you're the only Pitt player that played 40 minutes tonight. You led the team in scoring. Do you feel like you left it all out there?
JARED WILSON-FRAME: You know, that's just something I try to do every day. Like he said, from day one, the conversation that we had, that was something he mentioned to me and that was something I told him I wanted to do. It was something I felt like I had a problem with before, and I was on myself just as hard as he was, and I just tried to leave it all out there on the floor for my guys, everybody on the team. I love this group, so...

Q. Jeff, you touched on Tyus Battle a little bit and they did have Buddy Boeheim today and he's known as a shooter but he did a couple of other things against you guys too. How effective was he today?
JEFF CAPEL: He was terrific. I think he likes playing against us. He's had his best games, I think, against us. He was terrific. We wanted to make him put the ball on the floor. He did that a couple times. He kept a couple basketballs alive getting to the offensive glass, and obviously with him being able to shoot the ball like that, he can stretch you out, now all of a sudden you're playing in close-outs. He's improved from the first time we played him. I thought the first time he was more of just a shooter. I think he's made an adjustment, and you can tell the staff has worked with him on doing other things besides just being a three-point shooter, and he's got a mid-range game now, he can play off of a shot fake, one or two bounces, get into a spot. He's big, and he's got good size.

When you can shoot the ball like that, that's a big-time weapon, and it opens up so many other things in your game.

Q. I was curious, are you all planning on pursuing any potential postseason opportunities, whether it's the CBI or anything like that?
JEFF CAPEL: I don't know how that works. I've never been in a position like that, so I don't know how that works. With our record, I don't know how that works.

Q. I was just wondering, I kind of asked the same question to your women's basketball coach last week, you guys are kind of in similar situations where you inherited new teams this year. What sort of foundation did Jared and Sidy and some of those veteran players kind of set for you going forward in your tenure here?
JEFF CAPEL: Well, the thing we tried to do was establish how hard we have to play. You know, you have to fight to be good. It doesn't just happen. And you have to show up every day, and there's an investment that you have to make, A, in order to become a really good player, and then B, to become a really good team. And that's something, to be quite frank, none of these guys knew about. They didn't understand the investment that it takes to make that happen.

And so I don't compare our program to anyone else. I compare it to us and to what we're dealing with. And so it was teaching everything, and so I thought we took some steps there in how hard you have to work individually and collectively.

It's hard to win. It does not just happen. You know, you have to show up every day. You have to fight every day. There has to be an investment of time, of commitment, of taking care of your body and things like that. All those things that we have to learn, and again, I thought we took some steps. We're certainly not anywhere close to where we want to be, but I think we're better than we were -- it was almost a year ago when I walked into this job. I think we've made big-time steps.

Q. You've touched on this some, but for Jeff as a coach and for Jared as a player, what is it with -- in all likelihood over now -- what is it you take away from this season?
JARED WILSON-FRAME: Like I said to you a couple weeks ago, I just see the growth that we've all made, first as men, especially as young men, and then as basketball players. You know, under Coach Capel, under the rest of the staff, they've done a great job of building this program back to where it needs to be, and I have the utmost confidence that in these coming years it's going to be way better than everyone even expects, and we expect it to be in good hands for the rest of these years, but I think it's actually even going to be better than people expect.

Q. Obviously you don't want to see two free throws to determine it. What was your viewpoint on that foul, and --
BRAD BROWNELL: Just thought it was a tough, tough play for us. Very disappointed with the way the game was ended.

Q. You had another foul to give, and you had been giving them. What made you decide not to and let them play it out there?
BRAD BROWNELL: We were trying to. It's not as easy to get to a guy like that. We obviously got to him four times, one with Eli, I'm not sure, with maybe we did. But he just -- he got away and made a play down the lane and got a very good call.

Q. There was a situation where they reviewed who touched the ball last and NC State was awarded possession. There was another dead ball situation that was not reviewed. They just called it NC State's ball. Did you feel that should have been reviewed?
BRAD BROWNELL: I don't know. I didn't think enough about it at the time to think it needed to be. I think I thought it was NC State's ball. You know, no.

Q. Marquise, in the second half, was it more them raising their defensive level of intensity, or was it a matter of you guys kind of maybe losing a little bit of intensity?
MARCQUISE REED: We just didn't execute like we should have second half. That was it. It wasn't nothing their defense did special.

Q. For either of you, did you get the shots that you wanted in the second half? Was it a matter of them not falling or were there some shots that maybe you would have rather not taken?
BRAD BROWNELL: No, I thought there were some threes. We talked in a couple of huddles about that we were settling for some jump shots. Obviously it was hard for us, Eli didn't have a good game today and was in some foul trouble and couldn't really get a rhythm. Credit their kids for that. I thought their guys did a really good job of playing Eli. But there were some times, yes, within the second half that we settled for jump shots, whether it was a long two or a three. Some of them were open, but there were a couple huddles where we were constantly talking about getting the ball to the paint, making more plays at the paint. We did some and occasionally we got a call, but we didn't do it enough.

Q. Mike, what can you take -- I know you had a lot of adversity and a lot of injuries, but what positives can you take from this year?
MIKE BREY: Well, I do feel good about how our young guys played yesterday, for us to come down here and to win a game in the tournament after a really tough regular season. You know, and our young guys got to play a lot. We played them. We didn't get the best of results wins-wise, but they got experience. They got minutes. But we certainly need to get healthy, and we need to get a lot stronger. You know, it's a great strength training summer for us.

Q. It just seemed like their length bothered you --
MIKE BREY: A lot.

Q. Did it bother your shooting, as well?
MIKE BREY: It did. You can talk about you're not shooting well, you didn't make shots. That's Louisville. They really do guard you. It was different than -- Georgia Tech played us zone so you could move a little freer and you got looks. The looks we got, there was somebody athletically closing out all the time. And that's how they play. Chris has done a fabulous job, and they really have physicality. I mean, they have got bodies that can get out to you.

You know, what you think is a good shot, I'm not sure we had as many good shots as we thought.

Q. Coach, can you talk a little bit about the lift that Buddy gave you and the tall line-up in the second half seemed to give you a spark.
JIM BOEHEIM: Well, Paschal is a key for us, no question. Marek has done a good job all year for us in the middle of the zone, making plays out of there. We handled their pressure very well and got the ball in the middle.

But Buddy is a very good shooter. He's shot it well all year. He's only really played about 14 minutes a game, and he's averaged almost eight points a game in that 14 minutes. His mother tells me he should be playing more all the time, every day, but he's been well-prepared to be able to step up in this kind of game.

He really turned the game in the second half when he hit those two right off there. But he's a very good -- he's becoming better. He's moving the ball, passing the ball better. You know, he's getting better all the time.

Q. Elijah and Frank, with Tyus out, when you guys found that out, sort of as scoring and veteran leaders, how did you feel you had to step into a little bit bigger role?
FRANKLIN HOWARD: To be honest, it wasn't too much to change. We all knew what our roles are. Just had to step up a little bit more on the defensive end and offensively, attack a little bit more, make some more plays. But we were prepared. Coach did a great job of giving us a scout and went out and executed.

ELIJAH HUGHES: Yeah, pretty much what Frank covered. Coach said some guys got to make a few more plays, and I feel like me and Frank did a good job and Buddy, as well, and everybody stepped up and made big plays, whether it was on defense or offense.

Q. Jim, did you change anything on defense in the second half, or was it just getting out on Frame?
JIM BOEHEIM: No, like the last four games that we had the lead at halftime, I tried to start coaching at halftime. Tonight I decided not to coach at all, and so they went out and made the adjustments.

We knew all along we had to guard Frame and we didn't, and then we did. That was the difference. The difference in the game was that, and then Paschal in the middle. Those were the two things defensively. Instead of scoring 36, they scored 23. But offensively we moved the ball better than we have in the second half, and we made some shots.

Again, both -- all three times we've played Pittsburgh, they've been right there all three games. They come at you really hard, and for a young team, they're smart, they get the ball where they need to, and Frame has always hurt us. I said -- I congratulated him and said, I'm glad you're a senior; I've seen enough of you here.

Okay, thank you.

Q. Kenny's defensive pressure early forced some turnovers and helped you get the tempo that you wanted. Then he took a hit, rebounding, left the court holding his collar bone, came back, then got hit in the eye later. Is he going to be okay? Is the eye injury serious or is it just a temporary thing?
ROY WILLIAMS: He's just a little soft. Be sure and tell him I said that. No, his shoulder, he's got a bad shoulder but luckily it was more inside and it wasn't one of the things that hurts him a great deal. But he did get poked in the eye and I assume he's okay because we put him back in the game.

Q. You're 22-7 all-time here in Charlotte. How much did the crowd give you a boost tonight with the tournament being here in North Carolina?
ROY WILLIAMS: Well I love being in North Carolina. I love being in Charlotte. I think the whole town loves having the tournament here. But we were in Charlotte last year in the second round and got our butts kick. I appreciate the crowd but it's the guys in the short pants that make it for us, not those guys in the crowd. Did we put Kenny back in the game after that? Did Kenny come back? He's all right. He's a little soft.

Q. Luke, you've been through tournaments like this for awhile now, and you realize it's a process, you want to get better every game. How is this as kind of a starting point for the tournament? Did you feel like you guys did what you needed to do tonight?
LUKE MAYE: Yeah, I think we came out early and punched them in the mouth. And basketball's a game of runs and they came back and battled back and I thought coach got on us a little bit, especially at halftime and it kind of got us going and came out the second half and made some big plays. I thought Coby made some big shots and Cam battled on the boards which was big for us. And I thought overall it was just a big team win for us. And I mean in a format like this it's definitely tough, but you got to continue to play and continue to fight because the other team's doing the same thing. And I think we're going to try to do that tomorrow.

Q. Luke, how special of a night was it for you not only to win the Skip Prosser Scholar Athlete Award, but also playing in front of your hometown to put up the numbers you did.
LUKE MAYE: It was great. I love coming back to Charlotte. I was talking earlier, we lost last year and it was tough playing in Charlotte and losing like that. And I wanted to come out and make sure that this time it didn't go that way. And we came out and battled and fought and I thought it was a big win for us and we got a big game tomorrow.

Q. 11-36 from the three, five from eight from the free-throw line. Keeping Louisville off the free-throw line was the main key for tonight's game?
ROY WILLIAMS: It was one of the three things we put up, like when you're playing golf, you don't want to three-putt. We didn't want to -- you understand that one, right? But we wanted to play really good defense without reaching. We still -- one of them I didn't understand, we reached when 30 was 77 feet from the basket and he made a heck of a play and laid it up and it was and one. But still for the most part we did do a better job of talking and listening, and that is communication, not just talking. But made some switches and got out and helped each other one the screen.

Q. What does it mean to have a player like Luke Maye who excels on the court and off the court as well? What does that mean for your program?
ROY WILLIAMS: It means a great deal. And Luke's been a great student and a great student-athlete many, many years all the way back to his high school days as well. His parents emphasized education. And the guy sitting up here with him has done a nice job in the classroom as well. I've got one of the easiest jobs that anyone could have because we have such great kids that care about what they do in the classroom. And we're proud of the fact that six of the nine years since we had the Skip Prosser winner we have had the winner, so we're proud of that and proud of Luke.

Q. Coby, you had a lot of success taking the ball to the basket. Talk about your ability to penetrate and either get it and finish the play or kick it back out to one of your teammates.
COBY WHITE: I just started to look and see where the defense is at and just take what they give me. Early on I kind of forced it a lot, when I first started here, but I think I'm starting to make better decisions on it.

Q. Coby, you had 12 in two games against Louisville and then 19 tonight. What specifically changed against the same starting lineup for them?
COBY WHITE: I kind of got to the basket. I still didn't hit a jump shot. Coach got on me about hitting -- I think I'm like 1 for 18 against them from the three-point line. But I got to the basket, I made some tough plays at the basket. But I could have played better, but all I care about is the win.

ROY WILLIAMS: I'll say something for Coby. He said earlier in the year he was trying to get there. He's got better at reading it. But I always want him to be aggressive. I like point guards that are aggressive, take the ball to the basket and make plays and I think his attacking the rim in the first half was huge for us. Cam made a couple threes too, but the other thing in the first half was Coby taking the ball to the basket.

Q. For Coby and Roy, Coby you touched on it, but you had one turnover tonight I think you had two turnovers your last three games, what's working better for you now?
COBY WHITE: I think I'm just trying to make the easy play instead of the home run play. Not trying to force it, not trying to do too much with the ball and just make the correct play and I think early on I was trying to force it and make the home run play, but that didn't benefit me so coach got on me a lot about turning the ball over and I think I'm getting better each game.

ROY WILLIAMS: As you can tell Coby thinks I get on him all the time I get on him about his shots I get on him about his turnovers and he's right, but he is making much better decisions. It's just attack, attack, attack.

COBY WHITE: Under control.

ROY WILLIAMS: That's what we talk about all the time we want to attack like crazy and be under control and I think he's doing a lot better job of that tonight and late in the season he's done a much better job.

Q. I know often times you've preached we play for April. But is there a part of you that wants to play for March like you know you want this tournament?
ROY WILLIAMS: No, there's a huge part of me. I think you remember what you do in April, but we're in the moment too. I tell the guys all the time, if you look down the road I tell our fans, if you just think about what may happen at the end of the year in Minneapolis, is it Minneapolis? Okay, what happens, if that's the only judgment, it's bad, so I talk to them all the time about enjoying the moment, enjoy the journey and we're playing tonight. So we want to win. That's, winning this thing is one of our goals. It's not the only one and it's not the biggest one, but I've never been to an ACC tournament where I didn't really want to win. Sometimes we have and sometimes we haven't, but the rest of the journey's still out there too.

Q. Coby, they scored 10 straight points to cut it to one late in the first half and then you guys finished the half I want to say it was 12-2 or 11-2 to get that 10 point lead back. What changed and how did you guys handle that to be able to get back up and make that run?
COBY WHITE: I think our transition defense got better, we went through a little spurt where it was bad and we wasn't getting picked up and they were knocking down open shots, so we started to get picked up better, we locked in and we just got stops down the stretch.

Q. For any one of you guys, it's hard not to look ahead when the game's tomorrow. Is there any part of you that wants to see Duke tomorrow night? With how the game goes tonight?
ROY WILLIAMS: Frankly my dear --

LUKE MAYE: I knew he would say that.

ROY WILLIAMS: Luke says I'm -- he knew I was going to say that. I hate it when people know that kind of thing. I really don't. Come on, we are here and if they bring Golden State Warriors out we'll play, if it's Duke we'll play, if it's Syracuse we'll play. I'm being honest. I care about how our team does. Are all of you old enough to know what I'm talking about when I say, frankly my dear? Okay, you're old enough Chip, that's for darn sure.

Q. Yes, sir. You might be the oldest person in the room though.
ROY WILLIAMS: Could be.

Q. For Luke, that run that coach referenced before late in the game, I think started with two blocked shots by you. What were you anticipating on defense that was going to happen at that juncture?
LUKE MAYE: Well when I play the five I try to do my best to protect the rim and coach continues to get on me about trying to take charges and I need to do a better job of taking charges but I still think I'm a shot blocker and sometimes I do get blocks, but I think just the biggest thing for me is just trying to be in the right spots and coach continues to preach being in help side and being in the middle of the paint, especially when the ball's opposite and I just tried to be in the right spots for my teammates and make sure that they could rely on me on defense.

Q. Coby and Luke, Louisville did a really good job of keeping you guys out of transition in Chapel Hill and in Louisville as well. Tonight you got 27 fast break points. Talk about the mindset of push the ball, push the ball and what did you do specifically to get those many fast break points?
COBY WHITE: Coach preaches push the ball every day in practice and in the games and we try to do it every game and today we really pushed it and I got on the break and it benefited us well.

LUKE MAYE: Mind if I say something?

ROY WILLIAMS: Let him speak he won the Skip Prosser award. Let him talk.

LUKE MAYE: I think the biggest thing and coach has changed the defense to help us guard the gaps a little bit better and guard the basket, but I don't think Kenny gets enough credit for the job he does and for him to get the steal and for him to hold Nwora to seven points who is one of the best scorers in our league is really strong and I think he started the break a lot and he was able to get the board and he runs out and leaks out sometimes, but he makes great plays. I think he doesn't get enough credit for the job he does every night.

Q. Now that weather on rolled, Roy, this team really remind me of an old fashioned Carolina team and I know you don't like to compare teams but can you compare the progress and the improvement that this team has made, talk about that, because they're really?
ROY WILLIAMS: I think we got better and if you look and I really believe this, I believe almost all of our teams have gotten better down the stretch, second half of the conference season I would think our record's probably about as good as anybody's. Maybe better than most everybody. But I think we have the kids who pay attention and try to make what we're teaching every day become habits and then when it become habits for them it's easier to do that. I think as the season's gone along they have shared the basketball better, I think they have appreciated a better shot than maybe the one they have, I think we have done a better job of keeping the other team trying to run them off the three-point line and I think they understand the knowledge of that. But we practice really pretty thoroughly and pretty hard every day and I think it's the kind of kids we have, they have just done a good job of getting better.

Q. Obviously not the result you wanted, but the effort level from your guys coming back after playing yesterday, playing against such a deep team, how would you kind of address that?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I don't want it to come across arrogant at all, but if there was some category for effort across the country regardless of sport in college, I think we would win. I know it comes across selfish and I just said this to our guys, and I don't mean this in the wrong way either, I don't want to win so we can win. I want to win because that means we get to play again and I've never seen in my career as a coach the connectedness and the effort that these guys play with. I'm just struggling to articulate over and over to these guys the level of respect that I have for them, considering all that they have been through and how they just keep responding. So much of what goes on in the locker room and timeouts, it's them, it's what they're saying. And it's not just our players and it's not just me, it's the organization all pulling and I think you can see that, we probably get more bench warnings than anybody, and it's not for mal-intent, it's just that's kind of how we do things when it's just us. But the utmost respect for Florida State, for sure, but also for the effort and care and love that our guys play with. Thanks for asking.

Q. Guys, what, you were down for so long in this game, what enabled you to climb back in this game in the second half and second over time game with Florida State in as many weeks, what is it about this matchup or these two teams that makes for such compelling basketball?
AHMED HILL: I think they're a great team they got coaches, they're a very deep team, a very talented team. They got pretty much everything you need as a team. I just think they outplayed us and they earned it they earned the W today, and I think that these two of the hardest fighting teams in the ACC and I think every time we play them it will be a battle.

NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: I believe it's the matchup, I think we matchup well with them they matchup well with us. When you have two teams that are tough by label it's going to be a good game and it's competition. Guys wanted to compete, everyone was going back and forth and we were aggressive, they were aggressive, it was a physical game, but again, like Med said, credit to them, they made shots down the stretch and they did what they had to do. They're a great team, which is why they earned that double bye and I just feel like it's always a great matchup because you have two high level teams going as hard as they can.

Q. For both the players, you heard your coach talking about being proud of the effort level and I know you're not satisfied with the result but what's it like to play on a team that coined of does have that extra gear and that extra effort level?
NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: I mean I love my teammates and it's like it just brings us closer. When you have someone that's giving just as much if not more effort than you are you feel like I got to give more. It's never like, well, I'm doing this for what purpose? It's always, I'm doing this for Med because I know Med's trying his hardest, so I can't hold Med down, everyone's trying to push each other up. I wouldn't say we have a leader telling us to go up the ladder, we have everyone making sure that the guy at the bottom is pushing people up, the guy at the top's pulling people up. I think it's a chain and everyone's going in one direction and everyone's flowing together.

AHMED HILL: Yeah, that was perfect what he said. I just think that it's always been like that, that's kind of the culture we have here, we never are going to do anything soft, that's our culture, so it kind of bled into us and we just want to come out here and play for each other and that's about it.

Q. Obviously you had a pretty good look there on Mann on defending him on that game winning basket how did that look from your point of view?
AHMED HILL: He made a great drive I just tried not to foul. He made a beautiful floater and it happened to go in. And from then on it was the next play. We drew up, a good shot at the end and we just came up short.

Q. You played in the ACC and beat up on each other basically for the last three months, you move on now, do you look forward for the opportunity of playing somebody different for a change when you start the NCAA tournament?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Your outfit is beautiful. That Gingham shirt, that velvet -- is that velvet or suede?

Q. It's velvet.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Man, you look like a million bucks.

Q. I wish I had a million bucks.
NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: I mean, I thank God for the opportunity, it's a chance to go dancing, I mean when you think about how many NCAA teams there are and then you break it down and it's like, okay, we are one of those people that get a chance to play in an event like that, that's stories I can take on for life and when you have people in your corner that you would love to go to war with, I mean it's, we're creating life stories, it's more than just basketball at this point, it's not about who we play, I mean as long as I got this team, I don't care who we play.

AHMED HILL: I think that was a great test for what's coming up next for us. That was a great team, tremendous team, and I think that if we go out there and play like that next week, man, I for sure think we'll get a W.

Q. X's and O's question on their game trying three at the end of the game. Had they taken a little more time were you guys intending to foul before they got that shot, did they get it off too quick or did you not want to foul in that situation?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah, all that's -- we discussed all of that, we discussed, did you see how Nickeil played the ball? On the out of bounds play? We didn't want it to go to the strong side, right? That was one thing. We talked about fouling on the inbounds pass and then we talked about our colors signify some defensive things for us, we wanted to black on the weak side. Coaches call that a hammer screen that they set and we wanted to black that, which is switch it. So we prevented it from going to the strong side, it went to the weak side, but we didn't black it, we didn't switch it. In hopes that if you switch it, maybe that's denied and now the ball's got to go towards half court and now as the ball goes towards half court now we can load to the ball and maybe buy, eat up two and a half, three seconds and maybe it's more of a contested shot. Really good player, it's 24 that hit the shot, right? I think he's shooting 44 percent from three through 18 conference games. Obviously that's why they ran the hammer for him. And similar to what Med said, on the baseline drive, very good contest, kind of a strange bounce that went in, but both of those shots, to tie it and to win it, they earned them.

Q. Curious, as you prepare over the next week for whoever's in store next, how do you evaluate Justin? I know he's talked about he would like to play. Is that a realistic and how do you evaluate is there things you want to see him do on the court before you make that call?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yes, sir. He's making progress. Similar to any athlete, you have to continue to make progress and that progress is based on the doctor's timeline, the trainer's time line, he has met each passing phase, we took pictures of it last Friday before we played our last home game, those pictures determined that he couldn't play. So we're going to end up being able to take pictures again on Sunday and I think that's a nine day stretch between pictures, which is the longest that we have had. Well not we, not me, the medical team will make that decision after those pictures are reviewed. But we were off on Saturday -- oh, we didn't work on Sunday, we ended up having a history lesson. 5 did his work on Sunday. Monday we had practice, Tuesday morning early we had practice, we came here, 5 was able to participate more on Monday and Tuesday than ever before. When did we practice at Queens?

NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: Tuesday.

AHMED HILL: Tuesday.

BUZZ WILLIAMS: Oh, so we came here on Monday. So on Tuesday we had practice here in Charlotte. He was able to do a little bit more than Monday. So God's the ultimate healer and we're praying that it works.

Q. For the players I think you missed your first 12 threes as a team, what about their defense kind of made that tough and how did you kind of finally work your way back into this game?
AHMED HILL: I think they had beautiful contests they knew that we as a team that we could shoot three, they kind of played it, they wanted to make us drive and go into their bigs and the bigs are so tremendous at blocking shots so we tried to get them in the air, kick out for a three, but they did such a good job of contesting it so they just made it miss.

BUZZ WILLIAMS: Perfect answer, Med.

Q. For both players, if you could just speak to what you've learned last year and Med before that in the NCAA tournament and what you think needs to happen differently to have more success.
NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: It's a moment of a lifetime and as you go farther and farther and you start, teams start shedding off and it gets realer and realer and realer and you got the best out of every conference out of that tournament. So it's like no matter who you play, 8-9, 1-16, 2-15, it's a real game, you're going to have to play all 40 minutes, it's going to be a dog fight. And I learned through even ACC, which I feel like is great preparation for the Tournament it's like you're going to have to fight all 40 minutes, sometimes 45. But it's whatever it takes to win and you got to be locked in and engaged the whole 45 to win.

AHMED HILL: I just learned to not be so uptight, I just learned just go out there and have fun. It's a game and you know you need to win but you can't stress it too much, you can't want it too bad, you just got to go out there and continue to play how you played all year.

CHRIS MACK: Carolina is a great team. They were better than us tonight, that's for sure. And it's nothing that we didn't know coming in. But I thought where the game got out of reach for us early on was because of their transition. I mean it's phenomenal, as fast as any team I've coached against. And you talk about it, you talk about it, but talking doesn't prepare you sometimes. And you give those guys credit, they were shot out of a cannon, that ball was up the floor and in such a hurry and got to the rim, they hit the rim runner a couple times, they get advance pass threes to Cam Johnson and really, really put us back. And we were never able to recover enough. I give our guys great credit for continuing to fight against one of the elite teams in all of college basketball, but I thought those were the two things that we could have controlled. It takes effort and communication to get back in transition and then it takes effort to keep them off the glass. I thought we passed for the most part that second part of keeping them off the glass, but we didn't do the job that we needed to do in transition. Second half turnovers when we started to cut the margin just killed us.

Q. You have to be happy with V.J. and Darius Perry's progress going into the tournament. You really got bench punch now, how does that make you feel?
CHRIS MACK: Great. I thought for the better part of both games a lot of guys stepped up. And hasn't always been easy for Darius and V.J. through out the year but they really gave our team a shot in the arm. I thought they did great things on both ends of the floor and hopefully they gained a lot of personal confidence. We're going to need to be a deep team and if we expect to make any type of run in tournament play.

Q. You did a great job of keeping them out of transition in Chapel Hill and if I remember the Louisville game you made them play a lot of half court offense in that game as well. What was different tonight and then I would ask specifically what part did Kenny Williams defensive pressure early play in getting them some turnovers and get the break going?
CHRIS MACK: It's hard to say what they did better, other than Roy did something that to get those guys shot out of a cannon. I remember years ago when he coached Kansas against Marquette I believe in the Final Four in New Orleans and I don't know if I have ever seen a team play as fast that day as they did until today. The floor was tilted, even on made shots we could not get back and we ended up adjusting. Instead of sending three guys to the offensive glass we ended up sending two and we haven't done that one time all year in both games that we played Carolina. So I think it was more them trying to swing a knockout punch early and play downhill. And Coby White made the right decision each and every time whether it was an advance pass to Cam Johnson, whether it was to Brooks underneath, I mean even when Malik got his first foul of the game it was in transition right under the restricted arc. So they're a load when they play that quickly. Not just Kenny Williams, but all those guys I thought were very, very handsy, they pressured our guards, they did a really good job on ball screen coverage for the most part and they have terrific length and great anticipation. And while we took care of the ball well in the first half we certainly didn't do it well enough in the second half to give ourselves a chance to cut the margin even further.

Q. When you guys will see some new faces in the NCAA tournament do you think this team will thrive against the grind of the ACC that you've been through, will that help you when you get to the NCAAs?
CHRIS MACK: I told these guys in the locker room that we have played the best teams in the country. I mean there's a reason that y'all are talking about a possibility, not saying it's going to happen, a possibility of three No. 1 seeds. That's incredible. And even if they don't get three, if even if our league doesn't get three No. 1 seeds it just shows you the quality of basketball that we have. So, yeah, it beats you up, and they're extremely talented and well-coached. It's the best conference in the country, in my opinion. But every game in the tournament is going to be difficult. Every single one. Hopefully our guys understand that when we do the things that we can control, we'll give ourselves a chance to win against anybody.

Q. Duane, after their early surge I think they were up 16 something like maybe 18 you guys came roaring back, you got a lot of transition, got the lead down to one, hit a lot of, you hit several threes in there, what was going well during that phase of the game and why weren't you able to sustain it?
DWAYNE SUTTON: I think our energy picked up throughout that stretch, we did a good job of rebounding the ball in that stretch and pushing the tempo ourselves, but I think we made some mental mistakes and they got the lead back to around 10 at that point, but I think we did a good job of cutting the lead at that point.

Q. Chris, you talk about things you can control, what one or two things in this game would you really have like to have maybe had a little bit better handle than you did?
CHRIS MACK: I think those two. Transition defense early on, I thought we did a much better job when we weren't giving live ball turnovers in the second half. I thought we did a much better job of getting matched up and making it more five on five and they're still terrific in the half court. Luke Maye is a tough matchup for anybody, Cam Johnson is so efficient he doesn't waste any time on the floor. When he's open he shoots, when he's not he doesn't. But if we could have boxed them in and made them play a little bit of half court more in the first half. In the second half we just, we had too many turnovers. And that's what went from about a 10 point, 11 point margin where, hey, we got a fighter's chance to get this to a couple possession game if we handle ourselves and we turned the ball over and that wasn't a trait of ours the first 30 minutes, but it was the last 10.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Coach, ideally you guys will be going to the NCAA Tournament. How do you get your guys in April mode? We're going for April now. How do you switch to that mindset?
KEVIN KEATTS: Well, I think what we talked about in the locker room is at this time of year, players make plays. As coaches, we give you a game plan, we put you in the right situation, the right spots. Example, Tony is a hell of a coach and he does a tremendous job, but Kyle Guy was special today, and he made everybody look good.

You know, we talked about that. Markell was the same way yesterday, where we needed a play, he did a tremendous job of making plays for us, and so when you get to this time of year, it's more of a mentality. You don't care who does it, just as long as one of your teammates do it, and you start more concentrating on playing for the name on the front of the jersey.

Q. I know you would have preferred the game ended at halftime today, but you guys did put in a lot of scrap and effort. What was your strategy in deploying the back court pressure for most of the game?
KEVIN KEATTS: Well, obviously I think it's no secret that Virginia does a tremendous job of controlling tempo. You know, probably the best in the country. Any time we had a chance to be able to get into some pressure we wanted to, we wanted to get those guys to play a little faster. At our place in the second half, we were able to speed them up. They took some shots that were a little questionable for Tony's system. Tonight they didn't. They stayed the course. They ran their stuff, and obviously they came away with a good win.

Q. Funderburk really carried the fair share of the offense in the first half, didn't get many touches in the second half. Was that an adjustment Virginia made in the second half?
KEVIN KEATTS: I think it was a little bit of both. Not so much of oversight. I thought they made adjustments because he hurt them. I thought D.J. floated around a little more in the second half on the perimeter than he did inside. But it's just -- we tried to get the ball to guys that when it's in their situation and they have a favorable -- but I thought they made some adjustments and kind of took him away.

Q. Coach, you were leading in the second half, and then all of a sudden a three-point play by Salt, another three-point play by Salt, a four-point play by Guy, you missed a bunch of free throws and D.J. got poked in the eye. How difficult was all that adversity to deal with?
KEVIN KEATTS: Well, I don't know if you stared at me, but it was tough. It's a lot of things that happened in a short amount of time that kind of blew the game open. When you look at the game, we were right there, and then I remember getting to 10, then I thought it got to 12 and then we cut it again. We made some unfortunate plays. You know, they got some and-ones that obviously they converted, and then I didn't think we made our free throws. When you look at it, it was a pivotal stretch that I thought we missed five free throws in a row where the score was about 11, should have been a six-point game.

Q. As well as you played defense against them in the first half, did you think maybe you wasted an opportunity by not being up more at halftime, and then how much in the second half maybe did legs kind of start to come into play?
KEVIN KEATTS: Yeah, I don't think we wasted an opportunity because I don't think we played that much greater than them in the first half. You know, we talked about trying to win the game at whatever pace we had to. You know, it's hard. I thought both teams played equal in the first half. They just played better than us. They made plays. They got and-ones. They made their free throws, and for us in the second half, we didn't get those breaks.

MARKELL JOHNSON: We conditioned ourselves in practice to go full go every day.

Q. Kevin, obviously Kyle Guy can shoot like that. You guys were able to force them into some bad shots in the first half and kind of showed up with Jerome and Hunter's numbers, but how do you prepare for Jack Salt to have a game like that?
KEVIN KEATTS: Yeah, I mean, Jack was really good, and I thought we did a really good job on him in the first half. He did a great job. He's so big, and Jack screens and rolls and rolled to the hole, and our guys did a poor job -- the thing that made Jack special tonight was he made his free throws, and that was tough on us because obviously any time you foul him, he hasn't been a great free-throw shooter, but I thought he played great. I thought Kyle Guy's performance was as good as I've seen this year as far as a guy playing well against us. When you look at his percentages, I don't care who they play today, if he would have shot 7 for 9, 10 for 13, it was going to be hard to beat them today.

Q. Markell, second half they used Hunter on you for long stretches, and it seemed to get you guys out of sync offensively. How much harder is it dealing with a guy who's that much bigger and still quick?
MARKELL JOHNSON: It was just really trying to get my guys the ball. When he was like defending me and things like that, it was tough. You know, trying to get the ball inside with the length and things like that.

Q. You guys won the game that a lot of people were saying would have you guys in the tournament, and you fought hard with Virginia. What do you guys see that the selection crew should put you guys in for, your credentials?
KEVIN KEATTS: Well, I kind of look at it like this: If the selection crew, if they value what they've said all year long, then there shouldn't be any issues with us. We've always talked about quad 1 and quad 2 wins, where we just played the No. 1 NET team in the country, and we're 9 and 9 in quad 1 and quad 2 games after today when you look at it. We went into this game with a NET of 32. More than likely probably will go up because we played Virginia even and lost. So I like our guys' chances. If they value what they have talked about, it shouldn't be an issue at all.

Q. Kevin, looking at the way you've played here in the tournament, some positive plays, a lot of good things happening. What aspects of this can you take with you into postseason play that will benefit you?
KEVIN KEATTS: Yeah, that's a great question. We talked about mentality. You know, what's your mentality. I thought in the two games that we played, we played two good halves. When you look at Clemson game, I didn't think we played well in the first half, and then you take this game, we didn't play well in the second half, and so what I'm asking these guys is our mentality has to be to put back to back halves. That doesn't necessarily mean it has to be 40 minutes, but we've got to be able to play 30 to 35 minutes of good basketball.

Yesterday we didn't play great in the first half, but Markell Johnson, he put us on his back, and we won the game. Today we had a great first half and then we didn't have a good second.

Q. Kevin, I'm curious how much you'll pay attention to the discussion over who gets in, who gets left out over the next 72 hours and how much you'll be paying attention to that and how much you'll be paying attention to your own team.
KEVIN KEATTS: I will not pay attention to it at all because this is -- and I say this, and here's why I mean it. This is the first year that the selection committee has put value on the NET. I don't think anybody in this room, I don't think anybody in the country knows what that means. And so I'm not going to -- if you take half of the people they're going to say certain teams should be in, and others, certain teams shouldn't be in. But I feel good about us.


Q. Leonard, on your final play at the end of regulation they called time-out; did you stick with your play or did you change plays?
LEONARD HAMILTON: You talking about the shot that Terance made?

Q. Talking about the three-pointer that tied the game to force overtime. Did you stay with the original play or did you change plays?
LEONARD HAMILTON: You're talking about the out-of-bounds play. We had four options and Trent did a very good job of locating. We had options on the left and options on the right, and I think with the lack of experience with Vassell, I'm sure that they thought he was the -- would be the last option, but he was open and he's a very confident freshman and he knocked the shot down. And when it left his hand, Coach Gates said, it's going in, Coach, and he was right.

Q. For both the players, if you could each each walk us through the big shots you each hit, Devin obviously to force overtime and then Terance in overtime.
DEVIN VASSELL: Coach just drew up a great play. Trent, he just found me open, T-Man set a great screen and I caught it, and my teammates told me to let it go if I got it, and so I just let it go and it went in.

Q. What are some things that you want to see improve going forward after this season?
JIM BOEHEIM: Pardon?

Q. What are some of the things you want to see improve with your team going forward after this season?
JIM BOEHEIM: It's been a long year. I think we have done a lot of good things. I think that it's, obviously it hurts not having Tyus here. He's a major part of what we do. But I think that we're capable of playing with anybody, we proved that tonight without Tyus. And I think that this league, you're playing the 1 and 2 and 4, 5 teams in the country, and I think that helps you get ready. I think we're ready for post-season. We have experience from last year, we have gotten some of our young guys some really good experience, it's really important -- this is the first game Paschal's got in this kind of foul trouble early and some were just so silly fouls and one he wasn't involved in, but that's just the way it goes sometimes. But he's important for us, to be in the game. But I like the way we played this year and I think we're certainly capable of being a very good tournament team. We're better than we were last year.

Q. With Tyus being out, are you pleased with the way that Buddy has stepped in and played? And is your wife going to be demanding more playing time now?
JIM BOEHEIM: We don't talk about that anymore in our house. That's off limits. We talk about my other son and my daughter. We talk about their games, we yell at their coaches. But, no, Buddy's played well, I mean all he did was extrapolate what he's been doing. He's been playing 14 minutes in the league and averaging eight points a game. And in these two games he played 34 minutes and he got, he averaged 16 or 17, which is exactly what he should do, given you're doubling, a little bit more than doubling his minutes and he's averaging seven, almost eight points a game in the league. So I don't think there's any surprise there. I think he's getting better, I think he's getting better with the ball. I told him he better, he needs to stop banking shots unless he calls them, but he stepped up big here. He was really big yesterday and he was, he was again exceeding expectations for what I thought coming in to the year, his game has been really solid. Again, I think this will help him and this will help our team, this tournament, tough games we played. We're just not quite good enough against the 1, 2 and 4 teams. We played with them for 20 minutes, 30 minutes, but we're not quite good enough against those four teams and we aren't going to have to play those four teams for awhile, I hope.

Q. Frank, you had 28 points tonight. You talked about after last night's win being more aggressive. With Tyus's absence and with all the pressure that Duke puts on how does that change hadn't how do you approach that defense?
FRANK HOWARD: Tyus being out I knew I had to be a little bit more aggressive. Around this time of the year I finally got my body right to feel comfortable to attack and that's just what I've been trying to do, get in the lane and make some plays and my teammates have helped me with that.

JIM BOEHEIM: I think Frank's really picked up his shooting over the last two, three weeks and tonight obviously we needed him to take a lot more shots and I think he's very capable or that. Last night he did that. I think he's more of a scorer now than he has been in a long time and this is what I thought he would do early in the year until he got hurt. This is the way he was shooting the ball. Again, going into the tournament, getting Tyus back, that gives us a little bit more offense back there.

Q. For the players, I know you played against a lot of great players but when you watch Zion out on the court do you ever get like amazed at what some of the stuff he does?
ELIJAH HUGHES: He's a good player, I mean physical and yeah, he's just a good player.

FRANK HOWARD: As a competitor you don't want to say amazed because we still have to compete but he's definitely a terrific talent, terrific athlete and he's showing that.

JIM BOEHEIM: Well he's a different player. There's not many, there hasn't been anybody I've been coaching a long -- I've been in this game over 50 years and I haven't seen -- I've seen a lot of great players, I'm not saying he's better than those guys, but he's a different play. He can do things that nobody has done in this game. I mean Charles, like I said, is, was close, but this guy's bigger, stronger. And I mean he's crazy different type of player, there's not guys like him. You have to have size with him and we don't have that physical, physicality type of team for a guy like him. We played Duke as good as we could play them without him. If he hadn't -- we played much better than we played in Syracuse or different. We were really, we really played very good basketball, but's different kind of guy. And I give my team credit, I don't know how many we were down in the first half, but it was significant and to come back the way we came back in that first half was a tribute to the toughness of these guys. And our defense got better. As the half went on we shut them down a little bit too. But again, this was good for our team. Obviously we would like to have had Tyus for these games, but we know that he'll be back full scale at practice, probably, I think Saturday, Sunday at the latest. So he'll have plenty of time to get back. And he's played so many minutes this year the rest is probably good for him.

Q. For Frank or Elijah, what are some of the good things that you guys want to take into post-season?
FRANK HOWARD: Just this fight. Like coach said, this fight, that's what it comes down to. We had some bad turnovers down the stretch, the one with me down four. But just aggression and assertiveness, that's what we really want to take.

ELIJAH HUGHES: Yeah, pretty much piggyback off Frank. Complete every play, and to be aware of some shooters, stuff like that. Just little things on defense and then just mostly just fighting and competing every play.

Q. Frank, not to belabor the point but I'm curious what your version or how you saw that play unfold that obviously became a talking point at halftime. And did you hear any of those comments and what you might have thought of them?
FRANK HOWARD: No, I mean I was just shown the video on the way out here. But I mean if you said I'm trying to trip him, I don't get it. I saw the play, I realized I tripped him, and I tried to give him a little hand at the same time. I mean it's the heat of the game with a very tough defender on me, I was trying to get open, get the ball and get the ball out fast and that's all I really remember of the play. I just saw the video really quick, but he's a hell of an athlete, hell of a player, I have a lot of respect for him, I'm not going to wait four years to get to this stage to start tripping people.

Q. Jack, what do you attribute your offensive contributions and three three-point plays?
JACK SALT: My teammates finding me wide open, they were extending on help and they were being guarded by my man so they were just finding me and I was getting easy looks at the rim.

Q. Tony, when you told us you were holding Jack out trying to get his back healthy, did you know he would be full go for this tournament?
TONY BENNETT: We believed that, it's just a matter of can we get it to where he feels as good as he can, and I thought these two guys were terrific today. I even joked with the guys, I think I'm going to do a haka in the locker room the way Jack played. But it looked like he was moving well and defending well and we needed his physicality, and like he said, he caught, he finished that one play in the second half where he hustled and made the up and under was good. I've probably been holding him back from scoring, and he's showing it now as we're getting into the postseason.

Q. On the same track, has Jack shown that ability to score, and obviously your offense, you've got established scorers, but he certainly had a big day today when you needed him to.
TONY BENNETT: Yeah, he's a relentless worker, and Jack understands who he is. He finishes when stuff is there. He gets offensive rebounds, and how he scored was he just took what the game gave him unless there was a shot clock situation. He's one of the best givers I've ever coached. He's just a giver, and he gave today, and obviously he gave us production on the offensive end, which was good scoring-wise.

Q. Kyle, first game of the postseason under your belt; if you could just describe your mindset and the team's mindset as you embark on the postseason now.
KYLE GUY: Yeah, just trying to have a laser focus and prepare for each game like it could be our last, and I think that's an important step that we've taken as a team. We're always happy when Jack can put up 18 points. So just really happy with the team and even though we were down at half, how we fought back and won.

Q. Tony, what was the tone at halftime?
TONY BENNETT: Well, we thought we were getting some good shots offensively in the first half. We had a couple careless turnovers and a shot-clock violation. We said, continue to tighten up the defense but take the shots when they're there, and just run your offense hard, and we're in -- this is tournament basketball. These are possession by possession games, and there's a physicality that's there, so we just kept plugging.

JACK SALT: Yeah, I mean, we were getting good looks and we weren't hustling on the offensive boards. Coach Tony said we only had one offensive rebound, so we had to pick that up. I tried to do a little bit of that, and the other guys rallied and did a really good job.

Q. Kyle, what do you think made it such a rough shooting night for the rest of your teammates, and did you feel any pressure because that kind of continued through the game to keep taking and hitting your shots?
KYLE GUY: Well, you know, shots are going to come and go, defense is always there, so I definitely felt, not pleasure, but that I needed to be a little more aggressive when Ty's shot is not falling, but again, he runs the show and had 10 assists, so even though he didn't shoot well, he did fine. Again, 18 points for Jack, we'll take that any day.

Q. Two-part question: Tony, what was the impact of the two three-point plays by Jack and four-point play by Kyle, and Jack, when was the last time you had an offensive game like this?
TONY BENNETT: The impact was big. You know, there's momentum. We needed those. And it was, again, a possession by possession game the way it was going, so I don't remember what those plays either got us in the lead or put us up by, but those are just those X factor plays, again, an offensive rebound or an and-one or a four-point play, so I think they were important.

JACK SALT: I guess last year in the ACC Tournament against Clemson was probably close to this, but I've not had a game like this at Virginia, so it was pretty awesome to get that and for the guys to find me down low.

Q. Kyle, considering the extended scoring drought that you guys had in the first half, did you feel pretty good about going into the locker room only down two? And what changed defensively in the second half to really kind of get them off of their game?
KYLE GUY: Yeah, we're a team, I think I've been saying this phrase a lot, calm is contagious, and it starts with Coach Bennett and ripples all the way down to our first years. When we have experience, we can stay calm in these situations. We never really worry. We know what we need to take care of, and in the second half it was just buckling down on defense and making open shots.

Q. Coach, NC State is this team that you guys went to overtime with earlier in the season. Today they put up a fight in that first half, and a lot of people were saying the game two days ago was a play-in game for them. Could you talk a little bit about the fight with them and their credentials for the tournament?
TONY BENNETT: Yeah, I think they're very quick and they really pressure the ball, and what Markell did yesterday to come back and make the plays he did was -- it was noticeable.

They hurt us on the glass there, and they pressured us into some turnovers, and we didn't play our best in certain stretches. Again, I thought we were steadier in this game.

This league is good. They're talented. They're athletic. They pretty much play four guards all the time, whether it's Dorn at the 4 or whoever else they put in. Again, I think they're a heck of a team. Coach Keatts does a great job, and I'm not on the selection committee, but I believe the way this league is and how they played, I would hope that they're in, but I'm the wrong guy to ask.

Q. Kyle, we saw you in the first half take the ball in the middle of the court, pass on what looked like an open shot, read the defense and drive inside. Do you think that ability to dissect defense is where your game has grown the most this season?
KYLE GUY: Yeah, absolutely. We had a meeting, a coaches' player meeting after every year and talk about what we need to work on and stuff, and creating my own shot and creating for others was on that list. I always knew I could do it, it was just getting the confidence and putting it to work like I did today.

Q. Jack, in the second half you had a dunk and then they called a technical foul for hanging on the rim. You looked like you had a look of disbelief on that call. Give us your impressions of that play?
JACK SALT: Yeah, I haven't jumped from that far and dunked in a while, and so I had to hold onto the rim or else I would have fell on my head, so I was pretty surprised on that one.

Q. Tony, I apologize for asking a big picture question, but at the Final Four last year when you got your Coach of the Year Award, you said, you mentioned the text from Ty Jerome about how UMBC was part of y'all's story now, and that what was going to be the determining factor on how you went forward was how you got better day by day. You're 29-2, so I'm guessing you've managed to achieve that. Would you agree with that?
TONY BENNETT: Yes. (Laughter).

No, I think -- yeah, I think we've grown from that experience. We've owned it. We've talked about it. We had a great year last year and a hard loss. But it's time to press on, and there's not any more to say about that, and I'll get asked and we'll answer the question, but it's time to press on and be as focused as we can and just get good, but certainly grow from all your experiences.

Q. Jack, on the technical, even if you hadn't needed to hang on the rim, at that point would you have possibly considered getting a technical anyway for the career high? And also, I know New Zealand is bigger than they make it look on Flight of the Conchords, but you're in North Carolina, do you know Michael Campbell at all?
JACK SALT: I don't know who Michael Campbell is.

Q. The golfer?
JACK SALT: Now that you say that, I recognize the name. I don't really want to get texts to give an advantage to the other team, so I won't do that.

Q. Tony, the double bye obviously is a good thing and getting the rest, but do you think any of the issues in the first half were rust-related from time off?
TONY BENNETT: I think NC State played well. We talked about before the game when you play a team that has a game under their belt, you've got to be really ready. I'm not sure. I know we challenged our guys to be as ready as we can with that in your first game, but NC State did a good job, and again, we did some good things, it's just didn't make some shots with these guys kind of kept us in there until we got our footing, so to speak.

Q. Kyle, forgive me one last question about UMBC. You're playing on the same floor. Did anybody say anything about that before the game amongst the players?
KYLE GUY: No, I think me and Jack had an advantage coming back here for media day -- and you guys don't have to apologize for asking those questions, I'm happy to answer them. Feels good to be back right here in this press conference room where we were last time, and just like Coach said, ready to press on and move on from it, learn from it.

Q. Tony, everybody knows Kyle can shoot, but how does it change how teams have to defend you when he's also slashing to the rim and fighting for rebounds?
TONY BENNETT: Yeah, Kyle is a complete, he's so efficient. You look at that stat line, but he's deceptive with that as far as getting in there, and I thought he made some terrific passes to guys, and he's unselfish, so yes, that's a triple threat. Those kinds of things make a guy, if you just say, run him off the line, run him off the line, you can't do that. So I think that makes him and us more efficient and effective offensively.


Q. Zion, elephant in the room, how are the shoes this game? How are the shoes this game?
ZION WILLIAMSON: The shoes were incredible this game.

Q. Zion, give me a sense for just how badly you wanted to be out there the last couple of weeks?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Forget about him. How badly I wanted him out there. Why is it always about you?

ZION WILLIAMSON: I don't know, ask them.

Q. Just how much lobbying has there been between you and Coach K trying to get back out there?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: I've been holding him back. Go ahead. I promise I won't interrupt you any more.

ZION WILLIAMSON: Yeah, you're doing it right now. I mean I wanted to be out there every game. You see me, I see my brothers out there battling and I just wanted to go to war with them.

Q. Zion, looking ahead to tomorrow night, what are your thoughts on hopefully significantly being a part of the UNC-Duke rivalry finally?
ZION WILLIAMSON: I'm very excited just to be a part of the game and looking at going to compete.

Q. Zion, how much obviously we have, after you got hurt, there was all this talk among other people about what you should do. Did you give any thought to anything or was this sort of the moment in time that you always envisioned you were going to be back, there was no question about it.
ZION WILLIAMSON: There was no question about it, I knew I was going to be back. Everybody has their right to their own opinion, but I knew I was coming back the whole time.

Q. I'm going to continue the theme and ask Zion a question. Zion, it took all of two minutes and seven seconds for you to dunk the hell out of the ball. What statement did you want to make early in this game?
ZION WILLIAMSON: I just wanted to play defense, get out in passing lanes and just apply pressure.

Q. Zion, about the shoes, I understand they were modified a little bit for you. What was the modification to, for you to wear tonight?
ZION WILLIAMSON: I couldn't really specifically tell you if I wanted to. I just know they're a little stronger than the regular Kyrie 4's, so I want to thank Nike for making these, but, yeah, they felt very comfortable.

MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Also he alternates the shoes quicker, so you're not wearing them too many games because the wear and tear, I think contributed to that blow out.

Q. You're going to face Carolina for the third time this season. What can you take from the past two games that you played them, other than having Zion back, what are the areas that you need to clean up against this team tomorrow night?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Yeah, well let's gets our head around it -- we'll get our head around it tonight. We just finished a very intense game, so we'll come up with a game plan tomorrow, tonight and tomorrow, and try to do a good job against them.

Q. RJ, how excited were you to get out there and just get back on the court after the showing against Carolina and just kind of prove that you have that game that you people talk about?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: You guys are really something. He doesn't have to prove anything. These guys are really good players, it's not, it's about being in the moment. I'm sorry, I just, come on. Come on. You can answer. Whatever you want.

RJ BARRETT: No. I was excited to get back out there with my team. We have Zion back so it was just a lot of fun.

Q. For all three players. This is your first time getting in the March Madness with the ACC tournament, the big tournament. Talk a little bit about your feelings and your thoughts of the opportunity of playing here in post-season play.
TRE JONES: There's some nerves that come into ACC tournament tonight. Obviously it's our first time. It's a win-or-go-home situation. But we were able to come out with a lot of energy, play the way we like to play at the start of the game and it just fell off our main game, but it's a lot of fun playing games like these.

RJ BARRETT: For sure, we grew up watching March Madness and these games as kids, so to be a part of it is a great experience.

ZION WILLIAMSON: What they said. Been watching it since we were kids and we're very excited to be a part of it, because it's real now, like just living in the moment because from now on it's win or go home.

Q. Tre, as the point guard, the quarterback back of the team, how did it change and how was it that you had this extra weapon to use in your offense?
TRE JONES: Right it was back to, almost back to normal with Marques still being out, but we were able to get Zion back and he was able to affect the game so many different ways. Not only when he has the ball but when he's away from the ball or on defense, he's able to affect the game as well, so it's great having him back and we're able to feed off him a lot.

Q. Tre, you had a quiet first half. Syracuse defense kind of shut you down but you stepped up in the second half, so what changed. You came out with 15 points, so what changed?
TRE JONES: My teammates kept believing in me, coaches kept believing in me as well, kept telling me to take my shot when it comes, keep being aggressive. I knew that I was going to have to step up in the second half for us to get back to playing how we want to play. So I just want to thank my teammates and coaches for still believing in me and I was able to step up for us.

Q. Any of the players here, you guys have played against the two-three zone of Syracuse a couple times now, gotten a feel of it after the first time at Cameron. What is has changed after that first game and that loss?
TRE JONES: I mean with their zone, not a lot has changed, they ran it for many years now. We've played against it three times. I mean we were able to do almost the same thing against it every single time.

Q. I know because Zion can't necessarily speak specifically to the shoe and obviously because of your and the university's close ties with Nike, what can you tell us specifically about the conversations that the team and that the program has had with Nike over the past month?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Yeah, well we have a very close relationship with them. We think it's the best shoe or else we wouldn't be with them. And right after the event they sent their top people out here to figure out what went wrong, the next day. And then those people went to China to actually look at the making of a shoe that would be very supportive and then they came back within a week with different alternatives to make sure that it was done right. So their immediate, great response was appreciated and it was something that we have grown to expect from our relationship with them.

Q. Zion, when did you start feeling like you were ready to play again and could this return have gone any better? You were 13-13 from the field and pretty much a perfect night.
ZION WILLIAMSON: I wouldn't say perfect night. Like couldn't really throw a tennis ball into the ocean with my free throws, so I don't consider that perfect. But I know I was ready to come back a few days ago. I got some reps in with the team. But I would like to say this, there was never any pressure for me to rush back when I wasn't ready. So I thank coach, the assistant coaches and my teammates for that, they always told me come back when I'm ready and I felt ready a few days ago and I mean it was good to get back.

Q. Tre, your family, your brother is no stranger to the ACC tournament. What are some advice that he gave to you concerning the tournament and how to win it all?
TRE JONES: Right. I mean he just told me to keep playing my game. I know when he came to the ACC tournament I don't think, they didn't go very far, but obviously with the NCAA tournament they were able to win it all, so I mean he just told me be myself in these moments and then keep playing my game, try to lead these guys.

Q. Coach Boeheim was in here earlier and said he's never seen anybody quite like Zion and somebody mentioned 13-13. That is the greatest shooting performance in the 66-year history of this event. Are you running out of comparisons and superlatives, because Boeheim called him a bigger, stronger Charles Barkley.
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Well, I wouldn't, I wouldn't, first of all, I know Charles and he's one of the greatest players ever. But all these kids, they need to be themselves and they're forming their own identity. And I know the game and sports is played that way, like who is he like, and for all three of these guys, they're becoming. So I don't want them to be like anybody, I want them to be them and become who they're supposed to be. They're still, they're teenagers and they got a lot of, they've got a lot ahead of them. The beautiful thing about them is they're the easiest group that I've had to coach. And they love one another, they listen, and that's why I don't like to say they're like somebody. Nothing against Jim. He, you know, in that regard.

Q. I know you always live in the moment, but I couldn't help but think of Ryan Kelly's return game watching Zion out there. I don't know if that crossed your mind at all?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: The difference in athletic ability maybe caused me not to think of that, but nothing against Ryan. But his were threes and but it's, I get it, you know, it was neat to have him back for that Miami game and, but it's even a little bit better having him back for post-season.

Q. To David's point, Zion had a historic evening tonight. So quite simply how would you describe what you saw from him this evening?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Well he was himself, so let him be himself not like anyone else, and just like all these kids. And then take advantage of the moment you get a chance to see them as they're developing into the players that they're supposed, that they're going to be. For me, I love the fact of being part of that process for a short period of time and that's why I never try to make them like somebody else. They didn't come to Duke to be a four or a three or like Jason Tatum or Brandon Ingram, they came to see who they were going to become and let's see what happens.


Q. Can you go through the sequences both on the one where you missed the three and then on that last play what you saw and how that all unfolded.
CAM JOHNSON: On the play that I missed the three it was a call, I trying to get Coby back door, they covered it pretty well. I ended up got the space I wanted and when the shot left my hand I could have swore it went down. It felt great coming off the hand. I could have bet a thousand dollars right there that that shot was falling but it just didn't. Sometimes that happens, sometimes that's the difference between winning and losing. Coby's next play looked like it had a chance when it left his hand. Nass had a chance on the tip and just it's crazy, just a couple little plays that don't go your way. And we tip a ball a couple plays before and it winds up in the other teams hands for a layup. I thought our guys fought hard today, obviously we could have played a lot better and we'll kind of use this as fuel for what's next.

ROY WILLIAMS: The play he's talking about when two guys fought for it and it bounced on the floor and their guy picks it up and lays it up. And I would think that was going to be the only time down the stretch that we had the ball and the lead at the same time, but it bounced their way.

Q. Are you a little relieved that this is finally cover that you can finally focus on the next thing and the hype around Carolina-Duke is just done.
CAM JOHNSON: No, never. There's no relief when you lose a game. And this was one that we wanted to win, this is one that we thought we should win, this is one we could have won. So there's no relief there, there's no relief this is over. This game is important to us and it will hurt for a little bit, but we just got to refocus and then move on and get ready for what's next.

Q. You guys got to hear a lot about Zion not playing in the first two games. What did you make of the impact that he had and how much did that alter the matchup between what you had seen in those first two matchups versus today?
CAM JOHNSON: He definitely adds a different dimension to their team. He's a really good athlete and he does a lot of things that they don't have without him, so it kind of changes the way they play offensively, definitely. And it changes the way they attack. But besides that they ran the same kind of sets and we kind of got the same kind of shots we wanted the first two games. So he's a great player and he definitely adds something to their team, but that wasn't really the focus for us this game. The focus for us was coming in and doing what we wanted to do and doing what we know how to do.

Q. Cam, you guys had a great start were up 13 then Zion hit a couple of shots. They put Goldwire in the game, and seemed to get energized defensively. Did you, could you tell a difference in the amount of pressure they were applying defensively at that point in the game after he hit those shots and Goldwire came in?
CAM JOHNSON: They did ramp up the pressure a little bit as the first half wound on, but we practice that stuff. We practice that. We could have handled it a little bit better and obviously hindsight being 20/20 there's since things that we would have changed, there's things that we would have done differently. We would have played late clock offense a little bit better. But we went out there and we were fighting the whole time. I don't really think there was many points in the game where we let up and stopped fighting and we knew that's what it was going to be, a fight and unfortunately we came out on the wrong end.

Q. You've seen every other team ranked in the AP top-5. Is it your belief that the ACC should get three No. 1 seeds?
ROY WILLIAMS: I really never get into that kind of thing, I really don't. I can't tell you right now more than one location for the first rounds next week. I really just try to coach my team today to play the best that we possibly could today. Zion did have a big influence on the game, but the injuries are part of the game as well. I can go back and many times tell you that we have had injuries that really hurt us and Zion being hurt really hurt Duke, but it was still Duke-North Carolina. He made some big time plays down the stretch that they didn't have the last couple games. One year we didn't have Ty Lawson in our game against Duke. It's gotten a lot of attention because he's, he's very gregarious. I mean he is an animal out there and in a good way. But still, the bottom line is that you play and try to do the best you can today. I have no idea, I don't even know what the hell NET means. Okay. So let's be honest, I'm trying to coach my team. And what I will tell you is that, I don't know how many, but we have been to several Final Fours, several. We have never won a tournament championship but one time. So our season's not over. We just got to regroup and play better and understand that we didn't play well enough to win today. That's the bottom line, we didn't play well enough to win and congratulate them and move on.

Q. They attacked almost exclusively through Zion in that last several minutes, without Garrison in there you know what they're going to do, what could you, what were you trying to get on defense for him?
ROY WILLIAMS: Well the next best defense for us is if you don't have Garrison, who is a really good good defender, is your best athlete and that was bringing Nassir in the game. He's too quick for Huff, too quick for Sterling, but that's part of the game. You've got to adjust to other people and their strengths and our weakness and our weakness, I mean our strengths and their weaknesses. But he's a big time player. I mean, I think I saw him play more than anybody else in the country the last two and a half years. And so I was glad to see that he wasn't playing those two other times, I had seen him play enough. I knew what he was. But again it was Duke that beat North Carolina today. I mean I don't even remember who it was that picked that ball up off the floor and laid it up. Who was that?

Q. Goldwire.
ROY WILLIAMS: Goldwire? That's a pretty big play. All right. That's a pretty big play right there. But I think other than that, every point down the stretch, I think Zion scored everyone of them down the stretch.

Q. You often talk about the little things that Garrison Brook does, you had gotten I think six points in a row and taken the lead and then he real quickly got his third and fourth fouls. After that I noticed it could have been coincidence, but I noticed a lot of threes go up, even though you were 4-27. Does your offense function differently when he's not out there setting screens?
ROY WILLIAMS: A little bit, probably, but not too much. We shot bad shots in the first half, my God, we thought it was a three second shot clock. I mean, if you go 4-27 guys you deserve to be beat. I mean, come on, let's be honest about the whole thing. Our great teams or this team when they have played their best games has either been one of two things, we really shot the ball well or we had good balance. At Duke we played them and yes it was without Zion, Luke Maye spins around to lay the ball up, and I think that was when it was we either one down or one up and Zion blocked the shot. But you still got to play. We had 62 points against them in their building in the paint. Today they outscored us in the paint 50-38. You live by the jump shot, you die by the jump shot. But their defense forced us to be impatient with the ball. You should never just rely on jump shots. I never seen a team that relies on jump shots to win everything. Never. Maybe Villanova last year but they scored inside as well.

Q. With six minutes left in the first half after you had the lead and you lost it, was it your bad shot selection or their defense or combination?
ROY WILLIAMS: A little bit of both. They got up into B-Rob one time, they dropped the ball out of bounds, they got up into Cam and they got two turnovers, Goldwire was important too. I told them that as we went through the line shaking hands, he was important to their team. I don't want to talk for Mike's team, but I would think he would probably think the same thing. But when they're pressuring you, you got, you have to attack and we didn't attack. We took the easy way out and took quick jump shots and we didn't shoot the ball worth a darn and if you don't -- our team, if we don't shoot it well, it makes it really difficult for us.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

TERANCE MANN: For me when I caught it they were kind of jogging back on defense, and I kind of caught it in a stride so I thought I was going to get all the way to the basket and he kind of cut me off and I took the hit and shot it, confident shot. Just let it go.

Q. Did you think you were going to call timeout after that rebound before Terance's shot because it looked like there was some debate?
LEONARD HAMILTON: No, we didn't want to call timeout because it was in transition and we couldn't have gotten a better shot than an open floor with him with the ball in transition. I was going to live and die with whatever happened as a result of that. He's very good in transition, he takes bumps, he makes those plays after contact all the time. I thought like you said, I thought he was going to get all the way to the basket and if I would have called timeout I would have had to go against five guys, so but fortunately for us the basket went in.

Q. Terance, it was not easy shot you made there. What was your confidence level as you were putting it up and what does it mean to you to be the one to hit the show the that puts you into the semifinals?
TERANCE MANN: It means a lot to me just to be able to be a senior, coming into this tournament and winning another game, just survive and advance, doing it with this team.

Q. What was your mindset, your confidence?
TERANCE MANN: Yeah, I was confident, I knew, it's not a shot I haven't took before and Devin knows that, but yeah I was confident when I let it go. Yeah. Definitely.

Q. I know there's different schools of thought but before Devin's three-pointer to force overtime did you expect Tech to play it straight or did you think they might foul because it was a three-point margin?
LEONARD HAMILTON: Well I'm sure that had the ball came, had the ball been inbounded and we put the ball on the floor, I'm sure they would have fouled us but that was a quick catch-and-shoot play and I'm sure that had we put it on the floor, been driving to the basket there's no doubt that they would have fouled us and we knew we had to get the shot off quick.

Q. Terance, talk about the challenge of playing Virginia Tech for the second time in 10 days, second straight overtime game.
TERANCE MANN: I mean they're a tough team, they're a good team, they were well prepared for us, they kind of keep us out of the paint, kind of keep us away from doing what we do getting in the paint and stuff like that, but we knew it was going to be a dogfight and we knew we had to bring our all and I think everybody was kind of ready for that, mentally ready and we came out and did a good job.

Q. Can you talk about your bench today, you outscored them 33-7 and had 10 different players score today.
LEONARD HAMILTON: Well, that's who we are, we're a team that has to win by committee. We're not necessarily going into a game feeling that one particular guy has to carry us. When someone's not playing as well as they're capable of playing -- and they did a very good job tonight, forced us into 17 turnovers, a lot of those because they trapped us and in double teams in the post and they do such a good job of flooding the lane and we turned the ball over several times because of their defensive system. We took more threes than we normally take, but I feel very fortunate we made 12 when we normally have not shot that well from the perimeter and if you are playing against a team who is containing as much as they contained to hit 12 threes was good for us.

Q. You led most of the game, I know y'all called a timeout after they took their first lead. What was kind of the message at that point because obviously the momentum seemed to be clearly on their side and yet you managed to get into the over time and win the game.
LEONARD HAMILTON: This team maintains their poise, they have a sense about them that between ever seem to panic. They listen and they went out and executed the instructions. This team has shown a tremendous amount of maturity over the years. I think this is our, what, fourth over time game that we won? Seemed as though they get more locked in the more intense the game becomes.


LEONARD HAMILTON: It was obvious that our kids were really locked in for this game and a lot of it is because we have such a tremendous amount of respect for the job that Tony does and the legacy that he's built there at Virginia. They have an offensive system that obviously is extremely difficult to defend because they have so many options and they have great shooters that any time you make a mistake, they make you pay. And that's, that goes all the way back to Tony's father with that system. I'm very familiar with it and it's very difficult, but I thought our guys were locked in and trying not to give them at least the easiest opportunities, at least make them work for the shots that they had and our guys, it was difficult, we played a lot of guys, they expended a lot of energy, and that's as a result of the quality of the team, the system and the job that they have done over the years. On the offensive end, we basically felt that because they are one of the best defensive teams in the country, that we had to do things a little different than what we have done in the past and we put in a couple different sets, just so that we could get some movement and get the ball inside. Now I think that the combination of the respect we had for them and our guys being locked in executing offensively and defensively gave us an opportunity to win a very important game for us.

Q. First of all congratulations on a great win. You had a good game plan. What did you learn from the game January the 5th that were you able to carry over to tonight?
LEONARD HAMILTON: We had a lot of issues in that particular game. Phil hadn't practiced, he had come back from an injury, he was trying to get his health back and he didn't practice. Phil, Terance didn't, we didn't know Terance was even going to play until he warmed up to the point where we had put PJ Savoy in the lineup because we didn't think Terance was going to be available because he didn't practice. MJ Walker had gotten a bumped knee, had missed two games and came down with the flu. Trent had come down, no Terance had come down and bruised his heel and Trent was suffering from turf toe. And we all go through those things. Now they totally outplayed us, they out-executed us they were much more prepared, we were not a very good basketball team that particular day. So I'm not real sure that represented the progress that I thought that we have made since then. But to their credit, it was a two-possession game with four minutes to go in the first half and we just fell apart. It went from a two-possession game to a 17-point deficit and we never could get over the hump. They actually beat us worse than the score indicated. They put their subs in the game and so we just didn't totally didn't get embarrassed, we scored about eight points and I think Tony just felt sorry for us and allowed us to get a couple buckets so we just wouldn't look like we were destroyed. But really they outplayed us every way, we weren't prepared, we hadn't really practiced and it was just one of those games that, in college basketball it happens and the day gave us, we were pretty healthy today and I thought it represented the progress that we have made during the season.

Q. You guys got off to that 1-4 start, but you've only dropped one game in the last 53 days. Other than being healthier, what's different, what changes have you made that are allowing you guys to be more successful in the second half of the season?
LEONARD HAMILTON: Well we started the season off and didn't have Phil at all for seven, eight weeks. He was our leading scorer returning from last year. Then when he came back it was a little cumbersome because he wasn't, he was healthy, well enough to play, but he wasn't in good enough shape and so it was a lot of indecision. Who is going to start, how many minutes you going to get. And we were, we had five new guys who had not played with us before that we had to integrate into our system. And we play a lot of guys, so it was a little more challenging for us to get in sync early because we're not playing seven or eight guys, we're playing 11 and sometimes 12 guys because we wanted to have a full compliment of guys with experience once we got into February and March. So we were not a very good team. I thought that the Duke game really, I didn't think we handled that emotionally. I thought that that took a, five guys who had never played, other guys who now were taking on different roles, this is the first year Trent was starting, first year that Koumadje was starting, first year that MJ was starting. And so we were going through a development, we were growing and we were just growing and developing and I think that our play showed that. We were inconsistent, we were not shooting the ball very well, we were not defending very well because we were playing a lot of guys and when you are playing that many people it takes a little longer to get in sync. But now towards the end of the season I think that we started getting a little better and I think that, I also think that the 1-4 start brought us closer together. I thought it created a mindset that, hey look, we got to get busy. This is important to us. And our guys kind of grew and developed and I think that's one reason why we have the culture that we have now. Our guys really cheer and pull for each other.

Q. Last week you told us to put in the paper that there's, that you don't have any tickets to the folks in Gastonia. Tomorrow do you think you might have a couple extra tickets available for this one?
LEONARD HAMILTON: No, because if they were not supporting me prior to this game, I'm not going to take any phone calls.

(Laughter.) This is a business trip. I wish I could stay around to go over to Tony's Ice Cream and get some butter pecan ice cream and one of those good hot dogs with that good chili.

Q. Most people would categorize this as an upset, what would you categorize this win as?
LEONARD HAMILTON: I don't think there are any upsets in the ACC anymore. I think you guys categorize them as upsets. We're kind of an unknown team, not very many people felt that we could even have a chance to win this game. I mean that's part of the journey that we're on. When you're in a conference with the quality teams that are in the ACC, and you're a team that's trying to find a way to get into that hierarchy, it's challenging. And so sometimes you get overlooked and you don't get sometimes the proper respect, but that's, one thing about respect, you have to go earn it and hopefully this gives us an opportunity to earn a little bit more respect and maybe people will look, have a little better feeling about us in the future.

Q. David, in that, there's a 13-1 stretch there in the middle of the second half where you sort of in part took over that game. You backed somebody down, you had a drive. Can you talk about that stretch and was that something that coach told you to go do or is that something you did on your own, was that part of the strategy at that point in the game?
DAVID NICHOLS: We're just playing connected basketball, we're doing a good job of driving the ball downhill. Phil, Terance, MJ, Trent, just getting the defense to really spread out and open up lanes to attack. Raiquan did a tremendous job doing that and then just getting off the ball early and lanes were just opening up and I was the fortunate one to get the ball when the lanes opened up and I just drove to the basket.

Q. For all three of you. What does it mean for you guys being in the title game tomorrow for Florida State, first time since 2012?
DAVID NICHOLS: It's just one of our goals this year was our goal when we started the first day of this tournament when we started ACC play to put ourselves in this position to be in the championship game, so we're excited and we're ready to just prepare for whoever we have to play.

PHIL COFER: I think with us I think we kind of knew, I guess coming up this year we got high expectations. And the main thing was just keeping our head on no matter what and win or losses and just playing through anything and just trusting these coaches.

LEONARD HAMILTON: This is the third time we have had an opportunity to play for the championship. We won it once and we lost to Duke, I think the year it was -- I can't remember what year it was -- a long time ago -- and we were fortunate to win it in 2012. And like the guys say, every team in America starts off wanting to win a championship. Every team that's in the conference. And we were one of those teams. We felt all along that we were capable, but we had to go and earn it. And I think it was an ideal situation for us because we had a chance to play one of the premier powers in the country that probably would have been ranked number one in the country Monday, had they won the game, but they're definitely top three or four team in the country and we're trying to carve out a little niche for ourselves so it gives us an opportunity to play against a good team and we were successful and playing for the championship was our goal at the beginning of the year and I feel fortunate that we are here but now we got to go get some rest and enjoy this for a minute and get ourselves mentally and emotionally prepared to go play a great team, because either one of the teams that win it's going to be a tremendous opponent.

Q. You mentioned you're going to enjoy this for a few hours but this is for Phil and David. Tomorrow you're going to go up against either Duke, Carolina, two teams you are very familiar with, just your thoughts on and not just playing for a championship but playing against one of those two programs who are at the top of their game right now.
PHIL COFER: I think the main thing is just March Madness and stuff like that we pretty much just kind of our game plan is just going out and giving it all we got and I think just all the quick turnarounds you can't really do much of scouting or going back to scouting reports, main thing is just trusting these coaches and be able to just watch a quick film and the main thing is just coming out and playing hard.

DAVID NICHOLS: It's a great opportunity and I know our coaches are going to have us ready, our green team guys, they're going to have us ready with the scout and preparation, and just got to go back, rest, watch film, and get ready for Duke or North Carolina, just two great programs and it's going to be a great opportunity.

Q. Florida State, you guys are an unusually long team, you're big at every position, obviously I'm sure your opponents noticed that. I was wondering if that's something you guys notice while you're playing that you tend to be like longer than the other team and if that affects the way you play?
PHIL COFER: I think with us I think the main thing is our defense, I think it kind of does that for us. And I think just ball pressure, being able to just get down and dirty on defense and the main thing with us is our junkyard defense and we kind of take it in each and every practice, being able to just have high hands, long arms, a lot of times try to get steals and deflections and those are the main things that win games for us.

DAVID NICHOLS: Oh, yeah, we definitely try to use our length to our advantage get in the passing lanes, getting deflections, Coach CY preaches having high hands at all times and he'll just say it over and over and over again, so he's out there reminding us how tall and how long we are.

Q. For either of the players. Florida State, their length and their height how much do you think that disrupted what you wanted to do offensively?
KYLE GUY: I think they're a very athletic team very long like you said. It did disrupt us a little bit and we'll watch the tape and I think it was very evident what we needed to fix and we'll be ready come next week.

TY JEROME: They were just the tougher team tonight. More physical tonight. All of it.

Q. How do you get your team ready for post-season now?
TONY BENNETT: Yeah, well I think grow from this experience. We had some chances to win the game. I think we went up one. But Florida State played well, they defended well, they were sound and tonight they were the tougher team, or more physical -- they're physical that way. So we look at the things we can clean up and you always have a growth mindset, that's the way it is. Get our rest and get ready to go. And again the play on the glass, was just a lot of areas that you look at that will be good on tape to grow and then prepare for wherever we're at in the NCAA tournament.

Q. What lessons did you learn both yesterday and tonight that you can carry on and use as good knowledge for moving into the NCAA tournament?
TONY BENNETT: Well, I think when you get into this kind of setting, the possessions matter. So you can't have empty possessions or some of the things that, I don't know if you want to say self-inflicted wounds, but if we miss a block or we miss a coverage we're not going to be perfect. But I think that we have just been, these guys have been amazing all year and we have always found ways to pull it out. And sometimes that's a good reminder when you can't pull it out, we got to tighten the screws in other areas and be ready. But hat's off to Florida State. That's a well-coached, good team. Nichols was so good tonight, even at times when we did guard him he just made some shots in our face and their length is noticeable.

Q. What did Florida State do differently tonight than you guys did back in January?
TONY BENNETT: It was quite awhile ago, I think they shot it better. They were so balanced in their scoring. We probably didn't, obviously did not shoot it as well and I think they defended, they were a little tighter on us and played a more physical game and sometimes at this stage of the year the game is more physical.

Q. Ty, you struggled shooting both nights here. Was there anything about this setting this venue or why did you feel little off?
TY JEROME: I don't know sometimes the ball doesn't go in. Just go back, get back to Charlottesville get back in the gym and get ready for our next game.

Q. Kyle, how would you assess the team's play defensively overall given that Florida State shot 56 percent, you held it them to 34 percent the first time you guys played them.
KYLE GUY: I think coach and Ty really hit the nail on the head, they were the tougher team, they were trying to penetrate and kick out or finish at the rim and they got to the paint a lot and that bothers us and it's very repetitive but we'll watch the tape and we'll be better from it.

Q. What kind of scouting report did you have on Nichols? I don't remember him doing a whole lot the first time?
TONY BENNETT: No, you watch them, Florida State's good because they have one guy I think in double figures and then maybe they have a second guy, but they're balanced and they play a lot of guys and he's capable. He's really capable as we have seen, but you could see where he would back us down and just kind of go over the top. He hit one a couple on Kihei, did it on De'Andre, he was rolling tonight and we couldn't quite bother him enough and we tried to get a double to him. And when we needed to get a stop we couldn't come up with a key defensive rebound so those things kind of hurt us to give him second chance opportunities.

Q. For all three, what are your thoughts on now after three months of fighting the wars of ACC getting a chance to play somebody different next week?
TONY BENNETT: Well incredible regular season, incredible year for these guys. They have played well. And this tournament last year we were fortunate to win the regular season title and the conference tournament. This year we weren't. Now we go into another tournament. We always talk about it, it's 40-minute territory, that's kind of what we have been talking about and if you're not sharp for the majority of those minutes or possessions, you get beat. And then you're out of that tournament.

KYLE GUY: Yeah, I don't think this is anything to hang our hat on. We got three losses on the entire year, six in the last two years, so I'm nothing but excited for next week.

TY JEROME: Yeah, it's going to be painful not to play tomorrow, but I remember we cut down the nets in the ACC tournament last year and we didn't like the way our season ended. So this isn't the end all, be all by any means, so just about trying to figure out how much better we can get from now to Thursday or Friday.

Q. You didn't get much scoring off your bench either two nights, is that any concern going ahead?
TONY BENNETT: Yeah, I think that when we played them in way back, we did get some scoring. I think Braxton had a big game and you could see how they were really contesting. Kyle and Ty making shots hard, De'Andre got some stuff. But balanced scoring, which is what they had against us, is always very tough. And we weren't, I didn't think we were as productive or as efficient, of course, offensively. But we can talk offense all you want, sometimes that's going to come and go, you got to be able to stand in there and get the stops and if you can't do that, it's hard to be successful.

Q. First time really that Kihei's lack of size proved to be a liability. Teams have tried to post him before and you've always been able to adjust and cover. What did Florida State do tonight that made that more difficult?
TONY BENNETT: It wasn't like they posted him. That guy, again, he hit a couple shots over a lot of guys, he did it over De'Andre, he was just, he was cooking. But he used his physicality and he sort of whatever you want to say, backed a guy down and then just jumped up and shot over the top or made some plays off the bounce, as he did against a couple guys. So you just try to contest those and bother him and even when we had some length he did it too.

Q. Curious, both halves, first half here in Charlotte the offense seemed to be struggling to get going. Is there anything that was happening there, because you made adjustments last night but today it didn't seem to happen?
TONY BENNETT: I guess I didn't make good adjustments at halftime, so that's it. No, you get into this part of the year and this post-season and the defense cranks up, the physicality increases, and probably the game even slows down some. And so again the ability to, you got to knock down shots when you get them, but it was hard fought. We played a team that was very good defensively and to beat a team like that, you have to stop them and then be very efficient when you have your chances.

Q. Kyle just laid it out, you've only loss six times in two years. In this league. What do you believe your team's potential to be in this NCAA tournament?
TONY BENNETT: Yeah, I mean I think we know what we have to do to be successful. You know it's a one-game tournament, you just go 1-0, that's always the way. But these guys have showed when we're right and we're efficient offensively and hard to score against, we play at a very high level and these guys have been so sound and so smart all year. But we also realize that we're susceptible as every team is in this tournament and sometimes that's as valuable to know instead of thinking you're invincible. So if we play well, hopefully we can go 1-0 and then we'll address the next one.

Q. Do you subscribe at all to the idea that taking a loss at this time of year, this stage of the game might help bring everything into focus for your guys going into next week?
TONY BENNETT: I do now.

(Laughter.)

No, you just, all right, we lost, we'll get some extra rest for these guys, we'll grow as we said, learn from the tape, and you take the hand that's dealt and you make the most of it. We would have loved, I wanted these guys so bad to get a chance at a title fight is what we said again, but that didn't happen. It wasn't that their effort was poor or anything, but now we'll use it to the best of our, or to our advantage.

Q. Really for all of y'all, it's probably hard to think in the bigger picture right now, but you are a lot more elite offensively this year in your body of work than last year and you seem to be healthier too. So how does that impact you guys feeling like you have more weapons this year than you did last year and assumedly better health also?
TONY BENNETT: Yeah, I think versatility is very important and again their offensive efficiency numbers have been very good this year and tonight they weren't, but we probably didn't -- again we didn't defend well enough, but that's healthy, I hope everybody came out of this game unscathed and we'll get the rest and then attack the next one.

KYLE GUY: Yeah, really excited to play and very happy that nobody's hurt, like coach said. And every loss we have ever taken we learn from it and just excited to play.

TY JEROME: Yeah, I think they improved the improved offense has been very good for us throughout the year but more times than not it's going to come down to how well we defend and how tough we were throughout the game and today we weren't the tougher team and when we're not that's what happens.

Q. Sorry you've been asked this but if not are you beginning to think Charlotte is a jinx, this place that you've had some rough outings here?
TONY BENNETT: Yeah, well, I got to live out my dream of playing in the NBA, I met my wife, got to play a good game yesterday, I think I'm pretty blessed, so I'm okay.


Q. Zion, I know it was tough, you had to sit and watch the first two North Carolina games, but can you talk about finally getting a chance to play against them and ending up being the one to make the winning basket for Duke.
ZION WILLIAMSON: I mean it was tough watching the first two games. I watched my brothers out there battling and I wished I could go to war with them but it was very exciting to get out there and play. I mean the rivalry lived up to what I expected it to be. And I mean to make the game winning shot, honestly I got to give credit to RJ because the read was for him to fake the ball and take it to the basket, but he read the defense and he gave me the ball and my teammates trust me to make the shot.

Q. RJ, Zion, you guys have been rating the dunks all season long. The reverse, the windmill. Starting with you, RJ, how would you rate it 1 to 10?
RJ BARRETT: Which one?

MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: It's two points.

RJ BARRETT: The one he had today where he took off outside the key on the fast break, I give that one a 10. I didn't know he was going to dunk that one. It was tough.

MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Let's not talk about rating dunks. Let's talk about the game.

Q. Zion, you were down 13, you hit a three, a couple other buckets, Jordan came in and really, along with Tre really stepped up the defensive pressure --
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: And Antonio also.

Q. Correct. The defensive pressure seemed to change noticeably. Could you feel a difference in the energy level among your teammates after all that happened?
ZION WILLIAMSON: Definitely. I think we were just going too fast and we were playing at their tempo, but I think we just needed to calm down and play at our speed and we started to execute more.

Q. You called it vantage Duke-North Carolina. From our seat it was like watching a prize fight. This is for all three of you guys. What was it like playing in it for you two and coaching it for you?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Well I've been in a lot of them, so I would rather have their impressions. It's, Roy and I both know how lucky we are to have the teams and the programs that get players and produce this level of performance. And he and I are good friends and we both know that this lived up to it. Obviously it didn't live up to how he would want it, but it certainly lived up to the expectations of a high intensity. But these guys can answer it.

RJ BARRETT: Yeah, you know, both historic programs going at it, and they kept coming at us and we kept going at them all game long. So it was definitely just a great environment and such a fun game to be in. Very thankful that I was able to be a part of it and that we got the win.

ZION WILLIAMSON: To keep it simple, it's a rivalry, and that's how rivalries go. So just got to play hard and execute.

Q. The question here is, when you were down 13 at the first half juncture there, what did you say to your guys to keep their heads up and to inspire them to go on and close the gap at halftime?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Yeah, I don't know it's anything we said. It's a long game, and they're going to play fast and we'll play fairly fast, not as fast as them, and we just needed some stops. Cameron Johnson came out so hot and he's such a terrific player. And I thought J-Gold did a great job on him. But our bench really helped us. Our bench really helped us. They gave us J-Gold especially, and Antonio, who, he didn't, I'm sure he didn't think he was going to play tonight, but he did and he played very well. And both those kids gave energy and maybe that's one of the reasons RJ and Zion weren't as tired, because they were instead of giving energy to a teammate, they were getting energy from a teammate.

Q. My question is actually about the bench and all the adversity that this team has had to face throughout the season being without Zion, being without Tre. How do you feel about their development especially with the NCAA tournament coming up?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Yeah, well, the fact that we would love to have Marques back. I mean tonight especially with the big guys, and we're hoping again maybe, maybe by next weekend but I can't, we're, we're hoping for that. The thing that we found against good man-to-man offense, Jordan Goldwire has just been sensational on defense. His athletic ability, and he and Tre out there they put such good pressure on the ball and that takes RJ and Cameron not having to do that. And then Antonio, that's a little bit of a surprise, but he's had a great attitude and if you find some guys like that, now they have confidence, that's good. And Javin played well, he gets tired, that's why the combination of Javin and Marques is the best one for us, but that's not what we have right now.

Q. Do you think maybe in a way the injuries could have been a blessing in disguise because some of these guys have had to play and get that experience where you can use them in the tournament the rest of the tournament here?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Well I think you have to make every situation as positive as it can be for you. But I would rather have no one injured. All the teams we play have not had any injury adversity. The four teams here, three of them, they know who they are already, and I would rather have, I would rather have that. You know, our kids have played a hell of a schedule. Tonight's game was like the seventh game against a potential one seed that we have played. I mean that's a lot. That's a lot. Three against Carolina, two against Virginia, Gonzaga and Kentucky. And two of them were with guys, not our full team. And that's a heck of a schedule for these kids. They have done a terrific job and hopefully we have enough in the tank tomorrow to play well against Leonard's team.

Q. Going back to when you were down early, putting that lineup in there, I'm not sure you've ever had that particular lineup on the floor --
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: No, we haven't, no.

Q. What went through your mind? Was it a desperation, were you trying to save the game? But then you started them in the second half also.
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Well they deserved to start. They put us in a position to do that. I don't think it was desperation as much as who do we have in uniform? J-Gold has earned that. And Antonio, yeah, we didn't have -- Jack was too small to play against their bigs, I thought. And Antonio, for, what did he play? Eight, 10 minutes? I don't know. Yeah, he just gave us a physical presence inside there. So we did learn about that. I'm proud of our guys because they, we had a big meeting this morning about giving energy and anyone who is in the game, give the guys who have been in the game a long time, energy. Don't expect them to give energy to you. And I thought our bench did that tonight really well.

Q. Ordinarily this is the kind of a win that you the guys would celebrate for a day or two but you got a game tomorrow and you are starting four freshmen. How difficult is it anticipating any problems getting these guys to come down and focus on tomorrow?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Yeah, I think it's more of getting them physically ready. Because it's two exhausting days in a row and if we want to win in the tournament, you have to win two big time games in three days. You have to do something after you've already done something. And so we had hoped that we could play three games here and we had hoped that we could win, but the main thing was to get the experience of playing with one another again with this level of competition. Because our league is as good as any, it's just, I think it's better, you know, and so this has been a heck of a thing for us. I watched a little bit of Florida State and their defense is outstanding today. Virginia's as good a team as there is in the country. We have some really good teams. We have some really good teams and players. So -- and Florida State is one of them. They're one of them.

Q. Roy and you both circled Jordan as a big factor in this game. It's unusual that a guy at the end of his sophomore year would have a career high in ACC semifinal. Do you go into a game like this thinking Antonio might play 10 and Jordan might play 28 or are you improvising the whole way?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: No, but you, I do have confidence in the guys and just ask them that, when their number's called to, you know, just be yourself and play your butt off. Jordan has done that. Jordan, though has given a level of enthusiasm that really helps our team, besides playing out standing defense. And he's a really good athlete. Really, if you watch, they get down so fast and I thought a big key for us in defending them once he got in was how fast he got down the court. He took away, he fanned out and they weren't able to pass ahead. Then they had to run more half court offense and he was really a big part of, it was the turning point of the game, really, his defense. Thank you.

Q. Zion, this feeling that you're feeling right now to win an ACC tournament, is this one of the reasons that you felt it was important to come back and win this with your teammates?
ZION WILLIAMSON: Yes, sir. Those six games I sat out, when you see your brothers going to war battling and there's nothing you can do but sit on the sideline and cheer, there's nothing wrong with that, but I'm not that type of person. I want to be out there with them, and I made a commitment to them, and I would be a bad person if I went back on my commitment.

Q. Tre, your brother had a knack for playing his best in big games, and tonight you kind of followed in the family tradition. Was there just a little bit more juice tonight especially when you were attacking the basket?
TRE JONES: I feel like it's just the will to win. All of us came here with one goal in mind and that's to win, so especially in a game like today, championship game, my brother's had my back. Even at the start of the game I was struggling a little bit. They kept believing in me, coaches kept believing in me and kept telling me just keep going, keep taking my shot. So with them believing in me and trusting in me, those plays were able to be there and I was able to make them.

Q. Tre, again, your game, it looked like a different person in the tournament where you were more aggressive looking for your shot and all. What did you see in that? What's your thoughts on that?
TRE JONES: With Zion being back, I mean, even when he was out, teams were really doubling down on RJ when he was attacking things, so with Zion being back, they leave me even more now, and so I'll have to be able to step up and be able to make plays, even more scoring plays now so it can open up for them to play their games as well.

Q. RJ, Coach Hamilton said earlier that at a point in the second half where Duke got the separation that his team couldn't match Duke's energy and determination. You hardly substituted at all the second half. They're bringing in wave after wave of fresh players. How can your team be the team with more energy and more aggressiveness at that point in the game?
RJ BARRETT: We really emphasized at halftime to come out in the second half and really punch them first, so once we got that, we were able to kind of sustain it through out the rest of the half.

Q. When you look at that Florida State team, obviously they played you guys tough in January, but how good is that team and what do you expect them to do in March?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Well, I expect them to be a very high seed. I would be shocked if they weren't a three or four seed. And Leonard and I are really good friends, you know, like he has a program there, he doesn't have a team. It's built on great kids, a lot of kids, and playing good defense. And a lot of tall kids.

But they accept their roles and they play so hard. And because they can really play defense, they will have a shot at anybody, and we had a very difficult time winning tonight. I think they're really good.

I think they're better -- we're better than when we played them and they're better, but there's so many guys, not -- there are a number of guys who are deserving of Coach of the Year, and I'm not knocking Tony, because his team's so good, but you know what Leonard did was being 1-4, and what are they, 27-7? You got to be kidding me. I mean to keep his team together and go through the ACC, finish fourth, outstanding. Outstanding job.

Q. Tre, early in the second half you guys went on that big run, mostly fast break. I think it was 10 points in the fast break in that big run that kind of tilted the game. What was happening there that you were so successful to get out and run?
TRE JONES: Right, we were able to get stops. Like we said before, we emphasized at halftime to come out and deliver the first blow in the second half. So I mean, both teams were a little fatigued from the past few games, but we knew that if we were able to get stops and get out in transition we would be able to wear them out.

Q. Zion, you broke two very old scoring records tonight, the record held by Art Heyman of 80 points in the tournament; you scored 81, had stood for 58 years. The freshman scoring record of 78 points set by Phil Ford had stood for 44 years. That's 102 years of records. Considering that you're on the bench mending for a couple weeks, what's this tournament been like for you?
ZION WILLIAMSON: I mean, this tournament's been great. I mean we're ACC champions. I mean, I think that if we didn't win it then the tournament wouldn't have been great, so us winning this makes it great.

Q. There have been games certainly this year where you guys have made 3-pointers, but the season numbers, they are what they are. How do you think that has shaped who you guys are as a tournament team going into next week where you play a game like tonight?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Yeah, well we believe in our, we believe that we're a good offensive team. Actually tonight I'm not sure how many games we have had where all four of the freshmen were in double figures. And not many turnovers, and it was very balanced. Usually like when Zion was out, RJ had to put up a lot, and he's put up a lot the whole year. And then the two of them put up a lot together, and then tonight, though, Cam hit a big three.

Earlier in the year Tre was just happy running the team and did a great job. He's still happy running the team, but he can score and we need that and he knows that better now. So we're just more balanced and we have a lot of confidence. They have a lot of confidence in one another.

Q. Could you just elaborate on how does it feel to have Jay Bilas present this award to you guys tonight and see this is basically the future of Duke right here?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Well, it's not the future, it's the now. Unless you guys, did you tell them something? (Laughter.)

Well that's a nice surprise. You guys got together beforehand, right? I'm going to start crying. Tears of joy. Tears of joy.

Having Jay present it, they were the first team for me that won in '86, and we have tried to continue to recruit that level of young man. And these guys are not just terrific players, but they're really good guys and good students most of the time. And they're balanced, and you know what, they have great families. So they have been so easy to coach. Just like Jay and Johnny, Tommy Amaker, Mark Alarie, those kids, so that's why I've been here so long. 39 years. Because it's -- you get good kids, it's a great school, and good things have happened.

Q. Even over the past few years as the teams have gotten younger, there's usually been a Quinn, an Amile, Grayson. There are obviously veterans on your team, but I'm pretty sure there isn't a senior who's been playing lots of minutes, correct me if I'm wrong, and I'm just wondering if that first presents an extra challenge for you. And second, talking about that team from '86 then to now, I mean, how did you get from point A to point B?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: I've written a couple books on that, so this is going to be long -- but, no, all kidding aside, you have to adapt to how long you have the kids. We get to -- we have, we recruit them early, we get to know them very well. I really think the level of relationships that we have with this group exceeds most of the teams that have been young for us. Not that they were bad, but these guys give you an opportunity to do that. They're very secure in who they are and they only care about winning. They have fairly decent senses of humor, you know, most of the time, and so they're fun to be around and they're really smart and they get it.

I would say they're beyond their years as far as being savvy and they get it. And wherever they play in the future the people will be lucky to have them.

Q. Zion, you've said it several times that it's a dream of yours to play at a place like Duke. When you're cutting down nets and holding up a trophy at the end of a tournament, how does expectation meet reality for you?
ZION WILLIAMSON: It's even better in reality because when you're a little kid watching Duke on TV cut down nets, championship nets, and you say you want to be a part of it, you say it as a little kid, but when you actually grow up and get to be a part of it, I mean that's why we come to Duke, win championships and try to get banners.

Q. My question is for Coach.
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Why don't we take one for the players.

Q. For either RJ or Zion, whoever wants to answer it. What does it mean when Tre scores the way he did tonight? What does it mean to the team? And given his performance, are either of you surprised he didn't make First Team all-tournament?
RJ BARRETT: When Tre's doing that, they're really playing off him, so when he's able to score like that, it definitely opens up the floor for everyone else, and he has that ability. So for him to showcase it on a big stage was huge.

Q. You guys gave a great account of yourselves here during the tournament. Do you feel like with the return of Zion to the lineup that you're playing at or near your full potential going into post-season play?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: You know, it's tough to determine what our potential is, and like I don't have -- I try not to do that. I just want to have us play as good as we possibly can play right now. Half the conference season we played without our full complement of players. So to play these three games was so important because we learned -- we remembered many of the things that we did when we played together before, but we learned some new things.

And if we can get Marques back, I hope sometime during this tournament, I hope we're in this tournament for a long time, that will make us even better. But they played and competed better and harder than I thought they would be capable of doing right now based on not having -- and we only practiced a couple times this week with Zion, and they pick it up. They pick it up.

Q. You played a national schedule this year and pretty much the league did too, the top teams. Have you ever seen a league or the ACC have a year like it did? And how do you think it's going to do nationally?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Yeah, I would be surprised if we don't have three No. 1 seeds. You know, first of all, we played each other -- I know we played those two guys five times and they played four times, so like Carolina and us, we played seven games against No. 1 potential seeds and they played six, and you know, over the long run both our programs have played tough.

But this year to do that and for all these teams, these three teams especially to do so well, it's remarkable. And I hope that we're all rewarded -- I shouldn't say rewarded. I hope we get the due that we should get for that level of achievement and because the league has achieved a lot.

This team that we played should be a very, very high seed. Yeah, tough team to play against, man. And then Virginia Tech with the job Buzz did with his team, when Jimmy gets Tyus back, you know we're going to have some really, really good teams. I hope they don't put us all in one or two regions, you know, so we spread it out a little bit.

Q. To follow-up, Kentucky's losing today certainly opens the door for three No. 1 seeds in the ACC. You've watched this game many years, I think it's only been done once; what would it mean to the prestige of the ACC to have three No. 1s? And let me sneak in an NC State question; should NC State be in?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: Yeah, I would rather not say who would do that. That's what you get for being sneaky. You're not usually sneaky, Bob. And so, I think for the year, the race that was run, our three programs have been right there. We weren't in the background moving up or whatever, we were right there, all three programs. And we're finishing that way. I think these three programs deserve that.

That's not a knock on anybody, and they should talk about the Big Ten and SEC and all that, because obviously they're really good. But this has been unusual. It's unusual for this level, and I mentioned this, I don't know in the last week -- we have, I think, four 25-game winning programs, and Virginia Tech was just below. And in the conference 16-2, 16-2, 14-4, 13-5, and it made it look like the league may not have been as good, but that's wrong. It just made it harder for these teams to -- you bring up NC State; you're playing against those teams, it's different. It's different, and you know if you have to play -- like for us, if we're playing at Virginia, at Louisville, play State and Carolina, not many teams do that, and you can talk about other conferences, but it's grueling. It's grueling in our conference, and I think it makes us all better, but we should get rewarded for that.

Q. You mentioned the four freshmen starters all scored in double figures. I want to ask you about the one starter who isn't a freshmen and didn't score in double figures? It looked like Javin gave you a huge lift inside.
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: I thought Javin had his best game tonight, especially against their big guys. He rebounded well. He was talking on defense. He came up with some -- he finished. He's played well, but tonight I thought was one of his best games, if not his best game.

Q. On the topic of 1 seeds, given what happened last year with UMBC, do you expect 16 seeds to come into the tournament maybe with a little more confidence that they can beat the 1?
MIKE KRZYZEWSKI: I think teams come into the tournament, first of all, very happy that they're in the tournament. And then once you decide, are you only going to be happy? Or are you going to try to do something in the tournament? That will determine how far you go in it. And that's at each juncture. Are you happy to make it? Are you happy to go to the Sweet 16? Are you happy -- really you should, if you want to be a championship program, you should only be happy if you win it all. And that's so damned hard to do, but I don't think you're going to get there if you're happy along the way. You got to be -- you got to be proud of each win, but you got to maintain a level of hunger for the ultimate prize, and our conference has done a good job of that.

We have had, especially us and Carolina, National Championship programs, and that's what I've learned along the way is not to be satisfied, not to rationalize, that it's okay, because in these tough moments, rationalization can be the biggest opponent that you have at times.

Q. It seemed like in the second half most of your jump shots were short, like it just seemed like you ran out of some energy. You shot 25 percent; was there anything that Duke did defensively specifically?
LEONARD HAMILTON: I thought they did a very good job with the ball pressure, probably the best that we faced all year, and that kind of took us out of rhythm because I thought Jones did a tremendous job of keeping heat on our point guard, and then I thought that gave them a little bit more of an opportunity to pressure our wings, and it kind of took us out of rhythm where we played -- I think three of the last four teams played more contain, almost pack line type defense, and that was tremendously different, a different type of style than we played, and I didn't think we adjusted.

I didn't think our cuts were quick enough with the ball pressure, and they did a great job of getting us a little further out on the floor, and then it wasn't the jump shots that I was concerned about, it was those opportunities that we had going to the basket where we had it right there at the rim where we just couldn't finish because of their ability to contest and change our shots.

That's what great teams will do, and you got to put them in the category of being a great team.

Q. Congratulations on a great effort by your team during this tournament. I thought you guys acquitted yourselves well. I know you wanted to take home a W to Seminole Nation and of course the local folks here in Gastonia, but didn't quite happen. How big a deficit was it for you not to get more production out of Koumadje? Was that a big factor?
LEONARD HAMILTON: Well, we have had plenty of games that we've won the way we played tonight in terms of our rotation. They went small, and he just didn't match up with them having a smaller perimeter-type player for him to defend. And we have made those adjustments all year long and we've been just fine, but it wasn't the lack of Koumadje, it was more of the pluses of the Blue Devils.

Q. No one knows what the selection committee will do, but with Kentucky losing today, that would seem to create the possibility that the ACC would get three No. 1 seeds. How would you feel about that, and what kind of a confidence boost would that give your team to know that you played -- you beat a No. 1 seed and played with another one seed tonight?
LEONARD HAMILTON: Well, I think we are fairly confident because we have had a pretty good year. We can boast that we beat the ACC regular season champs, the Big Ten regular season champs and the SEC season champs. However, that won't do any good once we get in the NCAA tournament. I wish we could use some of those points, but to be serious, that's a strong possibility.

But we have the new evaluation formula that none of us really know exactly how that works. We're having conversation because this is March Madness and everyone's making their predictions like they know exactly what's going on, but none of us will be in the room, and I'm still a little confused about the quad system and how they're going to evaluate it.

I think we have done enough to make it to the NCAA tournament, and quite frankly to be honest with you, I think the teams in our league that will go, make it to the tournament will represent us very well. I wouldn't be surprised at the end of it to see more than one team from the ACC in the Final Four. I think we are just that good and that well-coached and loaded with talent.

But from a -- I have, I wish I could speak to that. I've tried not to allow myself to get too involved because it would confuse me, I'm just kind of more concerned about what I can control and that's trying to get a team back up again who I thought they had a great year but just came up a little short.

Q. Talking about getting the team back up, you've had a real good run. Moving forward, I mean obviously you had good success in the tournament last year and have had some recent success. How much do you draw from that? And obviously you've had a good end of the season minus maybe tonight.
LEONARD HAMILTON: Every team takes on a different personality, and I'm concerned that this is another opportunity for us to grow and mature and learn that we have to adjust. But when have you a team that works all -- they come together, they care about one another, and you don't go out and play quite as well as you had hoped, but you are playing against a team that's really put it together for 20 minutes and puts you back on your heels, you got to be concerned about how you manage that, and that's what my most concerns are.

Yes, I think we had a good year. I think that we have potential to be a challenging match-up for most people once we get in the NCAA tournament.

But that's one thing about the NCAA; that's why they call it March Madness, because anything can happen. But we have experienced that all year long in the ACC where just about every game is decided by four points or less almost and we played a lot of overtime games, and so I'm just looking forward to finding out where we are, where we're going, who we're going to play and let the chips fall where they may.

Q. You traditionally play about as deep a bench as anybody. Duke barely substituted in the second half. Was it part of your game plan to try to wear Duke down in the second half, and are you surprised it didn't happen?
LEONARD HAMILTON: We play -- we try to come as close as we can to being who we are. We played as many players as we felt that we could play tonight and give ourselves the best chance to win.

Duke's a very, very good basketball team. They have -- I read somewhere they might have three guys that might be selected in the top 5 of the draft. I don't know if I've ever seen or heard anything like that. All on one college team. They have had some challenges with Zion being hurt and so on. They probably had to make some readjustment.

They're a good basketball team, even without their center. You know, they're a good basketball team, superior athletes. The game was not as fast a pace of maybe as some of the games they played, some of the games that we played, and they did what they had to do to win the game.

I think you can philosophically try to pick and choose what made the difference in the game. We just got beat by a team that had a little better talent, and they played a little better than we did tonight. I mean, that's I think the end of that story.

Q. This event is almost as old as you are, and Zion Williamson just became the fourth freshman, only the fourth freshman ever to be the MVP. You've been around a long time; how do you put his talent and excellence in perspective through the eyes of a guy who has seen a lot over the years?
LEONARD HAMILTON: I tell you, he has to be one of the top five best athletes that I've ever seen on the basketball court. He reminds me of, you remember a name I'm going to bring a name from the past named Henry Logan. Do you remember him?

Q. Barely.
LEONARD HAMILTON: Barely. You were was a child when he played. Well, you heard of Michael Jordan? This guy, he's a world-class athlete. His quickness, his speed, his strength, his power, his ability to stop and start and change direction, how fast he gets up, he changes things. I mean, and it's hard to match that level of special athlete.

And he deserves the recognition that he's getting. He's a great guy, competitive, plays with -- loves to play. He makes everybody around him better, and our hat goes off to him. So you can put him down as one of the greatest athletes that ever has ever come through the ACC, and there have been quite a few of them.

Q. You got Duke's lead down to five late in the game and Zion got his fourth foul. It was a big call, wiped away a basket, and he's got four. And then for whatever reason you couldn't get the ball in the basket. What was it like out there? I mean from your standpoint was it fatigue? Obviously they stepped it up defensively, but can you describe what it was like trying to go against that defense and get the ball to go down?
TERANCE MANN: I just think we got good looks and didn't execute them. We got what we wanted from the drops and the time-outs and we just didn't finish them. I don't think it had anything to do with fatigue. There was bodies on us and we just didn't finish. And we missed, I think, the front end of a one-and-one, so that was key, too.

MFIONDU KABENGELE: I agree. We had some good looks, just didn't finish properly. Coach just did a great job drawing up great plays to minimize the lead, and we just didn't finish.

Q. Terance, obviously a disappointing result in the end, but when you look back on this tournament and all the success you guys have, what are you going to take away?
TERANCE MANN: Definitely experience and use that leading on to this next tournament next week. We had a good run, gave a good fight, didn't come out on top but we're just looking forward now to this next week and the tournament.

Q. Duke has not shot the ball well all season from three. They did not tonight. Why do you think they were able to overcome that just in terms of being a team that has not lost a lot of games even as they're susceptible to bad three-point shooting?
LEONARD HAMILTON: I think they're very well-coached, and Coach K has done a great job of adjusting his schemes to match his talents. And they scored 42 points in the paint. Superior athleticism, quickness and speed that challenges your ability to keep them in front of you.

I think Jones is such a smart -- I thought he had an exceptionally good game tonight. He hit a couple of, he hit one shot but he hit a couple jumpers, and he took the ball to the basket. I thought he did a great job of running the team.

I just think that that's who they are. They have the ability to get put-backs and tip-ins, and Zion can miss a lay-up, but he's almost back up tipping it in quicker than anyone can realize the shot's been missed. He's just a superior athlete with an unusual uncanny way of following it up. And I thought we did a -- he has the ability to make tough shots.

You have players who can make open looks like most players can, but he has the ability to jump so high and move the ball around and has good hands and good touch, he finishes at a high rate. I think that makes it easy for him to be able to do things. And then when he does that, he draws so much attention that now he is going to draw two or three -- at least two guys going to the basket, which now that means someone's going to the basket naked to tip the ball in. They're really, really a hard match-up.

We thought that we could have done a pretty good job, a much better job, but tonight you just got to give them credit. They have a chance to win it. I think we will learn from it and I think we're going to be better as a result of playing against this level of caliber of team.

Q. Obviously three games in three days, but how important is it going to be to go back to Tallahassee and get some rest and get healthy before the tournament?
LEONARD HAMILTON: Well, we have a plan that we'll talk to our guys about, no doubt about that. But I think that physically we'll be fine, I just want to make sure that mentally and emotionally that we're getting that type of rest, as well, and maybe some growth and maturity with an understanding of how to appreciate the success we have had so we can draw from the experience of the season but also that we can grow and improve from the lack of our ability to match a superior team as we did tonight. Hopefully we can grow from that, mentally, emotionally as well as rest our bodies up physically.

Q. Cam, what did he say to you guys at halftime? And did he need to say anything?
CAMERON JOHNSON: He just said that's not the way we play; we need to pick it up. And we received that message pretty loud and clear. We knew that the way we played in the first half was unacceptable. We knew that wasn't us, and that's what he emphasized to us, that we have to come out and play better.

He had faith in us. That was important to us. And we just had to go out there and execute and use our advantages.

Q. Cameron, what did Iona do in the first half? They shot well, but what did they do that made it difficult in the first half?
CAMERON JOHNSON: Making shots. It was -- really took them a long way. It took us out of getting any transition opportunities. Made us play offense in the half court. They slowed down the tempo, used a lot of the clock and hit a lot of 3s.

They kind of controlled that tempo. And we were swinging the ball around the outside too much, not really getting it on the inside. And they did a pretty good job of keeping us off the glass for the most part in that first half.

Q. Naz, do you look at yourself as an energy guy? And even if you don't do you feel like you've inserted some of that into the team in the first half when you came in?
NASSIR LITTLE: Yeah, for sure. I just look at what the team needs. I felt like early on we was taking too many outside shots. And before the game Coach and all the coaching staff was telling me to be aggressive and get easy buckets on the inside and play inside-out. I think by doing that, opened up a lot of things in the second half.

Q. Nassir, just looked like in the second half you decided to push the ball up the court and go to the basket, either a pass for a drive. Was just what you wanted to do to try to change the flow of the game?
NASSIR LITTLE: For sure. We did a scout and we knew they weren't the strongest team in transition. I felt early on we weren't getting enough stops to take advantage of that. So once we picked it up defensively we got easy buckets in transition. Guys were being more aggressive taking it to the basket, putting pressure on their guys, getting people in foul trouble, and that's how we were able to get away.

Q. Cam, coaches love to say the first four or five minutes of a second half is the most important part of the game. Is that cliché because it's true?
CAMERON JOHNSON: It is true. It is true. We came out and we tied it up pretty quick and it gave us some momentum and we rolled that way for the majority of the half. So we came out, we called the play, we ran it. My guys hit a good screen. The first one fell.

Then Luke came down, got an easy basket and the stops started to come. You just hope a team that hits 10 of their first 21 3s kind of cools off. And they did that a little bit and we took advantage.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much. Questions for Coach.

Q. Can you just speak to the ball movement by your team in the second half after only three first-half assists there?
COACH WILLIAMS: For North Carolina to play a half and only have three assists, that tells you right there that we're not moving very well. And we talked about that. We had zero points off turnovers. We had three assists. Everything was just an outside shot except for Nassir basically, and Luke had a lot of things inside, but for some reason he was worried about getting his shots blocked or something because at half he and Cam together were 3-for-16. And you go back look at what they did in the second half, it was much more aggressive and poised and confident in what they were doing.

Q. What do you have to say about Iona guard Rickey McGill's performance? He had 26 points and was really impressive from deep?
COACH WILLIAMS: He's a four-year guy, four championships, four NCAA Tournaments, and I congratulated him on that in the line as we were shaking hands at the end. We knew that he's a good 3-point shooter, but the other guys shoot more. But today he made his first one, made his second one and I think he made six in a row before he missed.

But I think he's a heck of a player. And scouting report said, you've got to watch No. 0. He plays in the passing lanes and still gets two steals like that. I think he had a heck of a game.

But Tim changed a little bit and gave them the best chance to win by using clock and spreading, and he was counting on his guys making shots and in the first half they did. And fortunately for us we made more in the second half and they didn't shoot it as well.

Q. I know you prefer not to have gone through that first half. But now that it's done, do you feel like maybe you can use that to your advantage, as maybe let these guys know that they're not invincible and they need to come out and play well?
COACH WILLIAMS: I don't think that they felt like they were invincible. Probably the thing I despise more than anything in basketball or in life is somebody trying to be cool. And I thought in the first half we didn't have the passion.

And I don't think that they thought it was going to be easy. I just don't think we had the passion to play. And especially in the defensive end when they're spreading you, it's not easy. You've got to get there and you can't let a guy stare down at your feet and pull up shoot a 3. You can't let them drive to the basket and lay it up.

It was a total breakdown on the defensive end and then they're making the 3s, and we started looking at the score and I think perhaps got a little tight.

But no, I told them in the locker room, every tournament's different. You build your momentum once you get in the tournament. And some of you guys have heard this before, but I was on the staff of a pretty good team -- 1982. And the first game we played James Madison in Charlotte. And we blew them out, 52 to 50.

And so it happens. And we had a guy named Worthy, a guy name Jordan and a guy named Perkins on that team. We ended up winning the national championship. So it's one game, but learn from this one game. We've got to have more passion.

Q. Can you coach or uncoach tight?
COACH WILLIAMS: No, I think what you've gotta do is kids have to have confidence. I've always said, don't worry about anything; just lose yourself in the game. And that's what we tried to get the guys to focus on and be positive and lose themselves in the game, yes.

Q. Obviously when they were coming out shooting a bunch of 3s early, you knew they were going to make them. I guess the question is --
COACH WILLIAMS: I did not know they were going to make them.

Q. I didn't say that right. Once they started hitting a few and you see that, what was the adjustment you made at halftime knowing that you could kind of sense that they were going to shoot a bunch of 3s?
COACH WILLIAMS: We knew they were going to shoot a bunch of 3s period, because that's what they do. They try to open the court and try to drive and penetrate and pitch for 3s. That's what his teams have done for ten straight games in the winning streak, and they've done a good job of it.

But they did a better job of it today because I think they shot like 40 -- 47 or something like that in the first half and that's pretty impressive. But in the second half, you know, we just talked about playing with passion. We did start switching the screens on the ball 1 through 4. 5 was the only one making a hard edge. But they didn't really set that many screens, so that didn't change it much. It's just that we had more passion and got to the shooters more. But more importantly we didn't stand around on the offensive end. We started moving and we got some stops and that got our breaks so we were better offensively.

Q. You're a No. 1 seed which is obviously an achievement, something you want to be. Does that come with a little pressure that affected you a little bit early on?
COACH WILLIAMS: I think so. And I think UMBC last year made it a little more pressure. And it's part of the game. And I understand that and told them that. But if you're a tough competitor and you invest yourself into the game, you're not just worried about the score; you want to be concerned about how you're playing.

And I think for a couple moments there we were concerned about the score more so than how we were playing. So I just tried to get us to focus on playing better, playing better and doing what we've done all year long.

Q. Second half, it looked like you really tightened up the defense in the paint. Whenever Crawford went down the lane he always was being met by two players. Was that the key adjustment on defense?
COACH WILLIAMS: When you say it was a key adjustment, it sounds like it's coaching. We did the same thing; we just did it better in the second half. The only thing we changed was playing the screen on the ball differently in the second half.

And, like I say, they didn't set nearly as many in the second half as they did in the first half. But we were trying to be in there to make it difficult for somebody to drive off because if you're in the gaps and they drive and penetrate, you just have to go one way.

If you're out denying like we used to do, we were denying, you gotta get back and then you go two ways. The game plan was to be -- to have them in there, stopping people driving to the basket. We just didn't look like it was a game plan in the first half.

Q. Sam, this was obviously just a really frustrating game. What did they do to really take you out of rhythm? You just didn't have looks, especially the first half?
SAM MERRILL: Like Coach said, we've got to give them all the credit. Their zone was really good tonight. And they made it really tough on us. We had practiced against it all week, but like I said pregame, you can't replicate the length they have and the athleticism they have.

And they did a very good job not just taking away my looks but making things tough for us as a team as well. So just gotta give them all the credit in the world, for sure.

Q. Brock, at the very beginning, from the beginning it seemed like you were coming out with a lot of energy. But going into the half, that was probably one of the ugliest points as far as things were going against you guys. What did Coach say at the half? What was your guys' conversation like, and what were you thinking would be the outcome of the game?
BROCK MILLER: You know, us as a team, we've been in this position before where we've been down going into halftime. And us guys, you know, we all came together at halftime. And we just decided it's time to come out and really just not be tentative like we were in the first half. And Coach made a big emphasis on that.

And obviously as a team we always believe we're going to win. We're always going to find a way. And unfortunately it didn't happen for us tonight. And credit to Washington. They came out ready to play and they really disrupted us on our offense with their defense. And it happens sometimes where you lose some and you win some.

But I'm really proud of all of our guys and what we did this year was incredible. And we're only going uphill from here.

Q. That was a team with great length obviously and you can see that on the video as you prepare for the game. But does reality set in the first couple of minutes of the game and you realize it's going to be a little more difficult for your shots to fall?
BROCK MILLER: Oh, definitely. I mean, all those guys up on the perimeter are very long, very athletic, and you don't realize until you're in the moment. Again, they're jumping in passing lanes. So it definitely took us a quick minute.

But I think that second half we really fought hard and we gave it our all. And we're going to be back next year.

Q. Sam, you guys fought pretty hard back in the second half. What was it like when Washington, they go 6-of-7 from the 3 in the second half. How much did that hurt you guys in terms of make a push and then they hit a 3-pointer kind of cut it back?
SAM MERRILL: We cut it to one and then they hit two straight 3s and it was -- No. 11, I forgot his name -- but No. 11, who is a good player but hasn't made a ton of 3s on the year. So give credit to him. He hit some big shots, three big shots in the second half and got to the free-throw line a couple times, too.

So like Coach said, we had a couple of -- once we cut it to one they hit a 3, and then we had a couple of turnovers, and they hit a transition 3. That was a tough moment for us, for sure.

Q. Brock, but both of you can answer, it's been eight years since you got to the NCAA Tournament. You mentioned you wanted to get the tradition going again. What have you taken from the experience here? I know it's shorter than what you wanted it to be, but what do you take from this experience going forward to next year?
BROCK MILLER: This experience was awesome for us, and it can only go uphill from here. We've got a lot of guys coming back next year. Sam and I both, we're from the state of Utah, and we both grew up watching the Aggies. And it's something special to be here in the NCAA Tournament and to have won the Mountain West Conference tournament championship.

And from here on out we're just going to keep competing and doing our best to get back to the top again, get back to this tournament and hopefully a better outcome next time. But definitely it's on our minds and this experience will definitely benefit us.

SAM MERRILL: Yeah, it's been a good year for us, definitely, getting Utah State back to where Utah State basketball needs to be. But obviously this is still very disappointing. We felt like this was a real opportunity to make that next step for this program and couldn't get it done tonight.

So our goals next year will be to do what we did this year, win the league, win the Mountain West Tournament, and then get here again and win.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Questions for Coach Smith.

Q. Were you surprised to see them shoot the 3 as well as they did? They have not done that anywhere close to what they did tonight all season.
COACH SMITH: Yes and no. I mean, watched a ton of games on them. There were certainly some games where they were on fire -- I forget the specific ones -- leading up to this game. At halftime they were 4-for-10, but they were drilling us in the paint. They were 11-for-20 in the paint in the first half and just had six offensive boards. They only had one in the second half.

So we were really having a difficult time staying in front of them in the first half, in particular, especially No. 5, who is obviously a very good player, the Pac-12 Player of the Year, Nowell. We just were having a difficult time, he was getting downhill, downhill , downhill. And they were just living at the rim which opens up offensive rebounding lanes.

And second half, obviously we got off to a great start, had to call a couple of timeouts early. The press was very effective. You try to make the game a little more Helter Skelter, and to their credit they made some 3s on us and some of those were tough 3s. Some were wide open. But good teams make plays, good players make plays. We've done it all year. And to their credit they just made a few more plays than us.

Q. Normally Sam and Neemias are huge weapons for you. They both kind of had an off night. What's that like as a coach? What goes on in your mind to kind of change that or was there panic?
COACH SMITH: I don't think there was panic. Certainly they got us out of a rhythm. They sped us up, without a question. I thought we looked a lot more like ourselves the first 10 -- whatever, the first 14 -- 12 minutes of the second half.

Then we did a few uncharacteristic things, just taking some shots offensively that we normally don't take. We tried to throw, I guess it would be an alley-oop pass that was never there. And sometimes, that happens sometimes in these moments.

And certainly the first half I didn't have our guys set up in a position for consistent success on the offensive end, I thought especially. I thought we were way better the second half. We got downhill. We were in attack mode. We shoot 16 free throws. We only shot four in the first half. We were way more aggressive.

And what people forget -- and I know our local guy, you've heard how young we are, it's very rare we showed our youth throughout. And we had some glimpse of that tonight. But I've coached for -- you walk in the locker room after the game and some teams when they're done with their season they're hop-skipping and jumping out of that locker room.

And this isn't like an emotional -- it's a very emotional time, but this isn't an emotional statement. I've coached for 23 years on really, really good teams. I had a team that played in a national championship game. I loved coaching those guys. I've been part of a lot of rebuilding, so to speak, where you're doing some things for the first time.

And I have never seen a team come together like this team has. Literally, if you look back to where we were last April, May, this summer where we couldn't throw a shot in the ocean, we're throwing the ball in the third stands of the Spectrum on a routine basis. I'm not kidding. That's factual.

And how far this team has come and just -- I wish, like, I just wish every coach could coach a team like this. It's just -- it's just an amazing, amazing group to be around. Not to get sidetracked, but that's what I do.

I was 32 years old, I spent a full day with John Wooden. And just by -- the late Don Meyer, who's one of the biggest influences in my life -- and he's obviously passed away -- invited me to a coaching clinic in L.A. He does coaching clinics all the time. And the plane ticket was like 600 bucks. I didn't have any money. I was making, like, 25 grand. And my wife's, like, you need to go, you need to go.

We go, we land, we drive. Next thing you know we're in a residential area, and Coach Meyer rings the doorbell and out comes John Wooden. I didn't know we were going to see him. Spent the whole day with him. I'm 32 years old, just got done being head coach for my first year. We had a great year. The year before I got to Mayville, they were 1-27. We got to the national tournament, lost.

Any way, long story short -- I could tell John Wooden stories all day from this day -- but I was, like, you always want to find your purpose as a person, as a coach, what you value, what you believe in. If it's just about winning, then I'm just not sure -- then it's kind of hollow.

You better win or you're going to get fired. But it's kind of shallow. And I'm 32 years old. I had a full head of hair, and he was getting all these calls -- he had a phone, like, this big, like that. And you hear every voicemail -- Bill Walton would call, the late Pat Summitt called, Swen Nater called. It's like a Who's Who.

And at the end of every call, these former players would say, I love you, Coach. And it was just like, that's what it's about. And so you go through everything and this group, I mean, it's a band of brothers. They will be forever connected, just their selflessness, the way they play, there's no ego. There's no, "I need to get mine." There's just none of that.

And it's just such -- even tonight when we were dead in the water, we just kept fighting and chipping away and chipping away and gave ourselves a chance. And we just couldn't get it done.

Q. During halftime, what was it that you said to them? How did you channel that brotherhood?
COACH SMITH: Just rely on your training. The experiences that we went through, that's why we play tough non-conference schedules. You go through, you learn a lot about yourself. And you get in the league and playing and it's just rigorous and rugged. And I mean every night out.

So you've got to -- and then what's got us to this point all year and that's -- certainly you have to have talent. But what's put us over the top is we worked really, really hard. We have a gator mentality. We don't take possessions off. We compete no matter what. But what really separates us is our chemistry and just trusting each other. And we usually -- we played very, very connected. Obviously they disrupted our connectivity just because their active hands, their athleticism, all that, creating turnovers.

And we're typically a team that really eliminates losing. And from the day we got hired almost, I think it's one week short of a year ago now, our number one thing is we have to eliminate losing to win.

And I'm not going to talk about last year, but like we had to end possessions. We're a top 5 rebounding team in the country. We've got to be able to protect the paint. We're at the top 5 in two-point field goal defense in the country. And to not turn it over and make your free throws.

We go 16-for-20 from the line. We knew how to get fouled this year. And our style of play lends to that. But certainly the one thing we didn't do to eliminate losing was the number one key going into the game is we cannot allow our offense to be their best offense.

And with the football analogy, if you're throwing four pick-6s odds are it's probably going to be a long night. And we threw a few pick-6s tonight.

Q. I've seen a lot of Syracuse over the years, and John Chaney at Temple. Can you put into words to a layman what it's like to -- you guys were on a roll. I watched your Mountain West Tournament. You guys were really on a roll. And all of a sudden this just unplugs you. Can you explain how a defense like that can do that?
COACH SMITH: First of all -- and Sam nailed it -- it's very difficult for us to replicate that in practice because obviously just on our roster -- like we know conceptually what they're doing, of course, but just our roster doesn't lend to that.

I said it tongue in cheek on one of the interviews the other day, like to replicate Thybulle and some of those guys, like we should have had those swimming pool noodles, like just to tip and deflect, because obviously in practice those windows that we see are very, they're wide windows. And you play against these guys and those windows are shrunk and just tipping and deflecting.

That's one of our goals, we want to tip and deflect like crazy. We did a good job of that this year. It's just very, very difficult to replicate. Their front line defense is incredibly -- it's good. They're quick to the ball. Super active hands. Thybulle, obviously, is a game-changer on the defensive end.

And then once we got it to the back line defense, I thought we'd be able to score and make some things happen. I felt like we had some really good looks. Now part of it they speed you up, but I thought we just missed some -- literally just point-blank, point-blank, point-blank. And so some of that's us. But a lot of that is them just getting us really sped up. We knew we were going to be put in situations where we get to play two-on-one, three-on-two, once we get past that initial line.

But it's not very often that Neemias Queta goes 4-for-12. I'm not singling him out, I'm just saying that guy's incredibly good. He's very talented. Just had one of those nights.

First or second play of the game we get it right in the heart of the defense, two times, back-to-back plays, where Quinn Taylor gets it. We have a two-on-one. And we could have thrown it up to Neemi for a dunk or even bounce passed it, or he could have shot a floater. We turn it over. They tip it out and it's going the other way.

The next play, we ran that play about two plays later, same thing, Quinn kind of -- he was trying to make the right read to Neemi. And he literally could have walked to the rim. And it gets blocked. And so it is what it is. But it's very difficult to prepare for. They do a great job with it. And you live and you learn.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. When you were down 11 fairly early in the first half I think it was, what did you think was the feeling of your team and was there anything you wanted to accomplish personally to get your guys in a different mindset, because you ended up in a different mindset?
LUKA GARZA: I think the timeouts in that stretch when it was 18-5, those were key. And everyone was communicating. It was a great feeling in the timeout. We knew a couple of shots we missed. We missed a couple of chippies around the rim, and we needed to get back and get some stops and rebound. They started to get too many offensive rebounds.

As a group individually I wanted to get inside and post up more and post deeper. I thought in the beginning some of those guys were pushing me out of the spots I wanted to get to. I think I did a better job of that through the course of the game to get deeper because it's easy for them to come double or poke me when I'm posting up 17 feet away.

I tried to do a better job of that I thought as a collective group we all tried to focus and string together some shots.

Q. Would you both care to discuss the impact your zone had on them?
JORDAN BOHANNON: I think we did a good job of just kind of getting them a little hesitant. They're a really well-coached team and run a deliberate offense. We knew that coming in. We started out man to start out the game and they got a couple of easy baskets. We changed it up a little bit.

I thought our press was really great tonight. They didn't know when to go or not to go. So we did a really good job changing the pace of the game controlling the tempo especially in the second half.

LUKA GARZA: I thought we were communicating. They have terrific shooters in Jenifer and Cumberland. And they were trying to run Jenifer to the corners and try to get him some open looks. He hit a couple early when he was wide open. We tried to key in on that, and we did a great job just moving around, just making those shots tough for them.

Q. What did you do to regroup after the tough stretch to end the regular season?
JORDAN BOHANNON: We worked really hard. It wasn't a lot of fun during that stretch. We played really well in the beginning of the season, middle of the season. That's life in the Big Ten. That's why we got eight teams in the NCAA Tournament. I don't think we've lost a game in the NCAA Tournament as well. That shows how powerful and strong this conference was.

So a lot of it was just playing really good teams. And we knew that. And it prepared us to get ready for the NCAA Tournament.

LUKA GARZA: We just needed to stay confident with each other. We know what we're capable of. We keep saying that but it's true. We know what we can do when we play at our best. And it was great to see tonight even when they got up we stayed composed and were able to get to play better.

Q. Jordan, I'd like to ask you, what is it like for you guys to lean on Luka in those tough situations?
JORDAN BOHANNON: It's really easy to. He's come up big in a lot of games this year. He was dominant down low tonight, or this morning, I guess. And we know if we fed him the ball down low he was either going to get an easy basket, draw a foul or kick it out.

I thought he did a really good job of doing all those three things when he did end up getting the ball.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Questions for Coach.

Q. You point for the tournament, you look up and it's 18-5. What do you say to them at that point?
COACH MCCAFFERY: I think the most simple approach is -- the most logical one is it was 35 minutes to go. So no time to panic. It could have easily been we were up and we have to keep playing well.

So we made some adjustments. We changed the defense. We changed some personnel a little bit. You start pushing some different buttons. But I think the critical thing is that the players maintained confidence. You don't start screaming and yelling at them, blaming them because they didn't rotate and block out. We talked about blockout; they had nine offensive rebounds in the first half for 11 points.

If I'm spazzing and yelling at everybody for that they're not going to lock in on what we need to do with offense, what defense are we in, who is on the floor for them, where is Cumberland, who do we need to get the ball to.

So you just try to stay very business-like. Plenty of time, we're going to continue to do what we do. Maybe call a different offensive set or alignment, give them a little bit of a different look, because when you're matching up this is what they do so well. They're pretty good at it. So if you stand and you kind of run similar action, they're going to lock you up.

So you've got to have more ball movement, more people movement, more movement with a purpose to get better shots. And then we just needed to see it go in a little bit there. Thankfully Isaiah made two early because we were really struggling. It was the five that you're talking about, but eventually Luka got going. I put TC back in after he had two fouls. He made a couple of buckets. And Joe got a big one. We just sort of settled down. Then you felt like, okay, we can attack this thing successfully.

Q. Did you play a lot of zone this year?
COACH MCCAFFERY: We did.

Q. Why in your mind did it work so well today?
COACH MCCAFFERY: Well, sometimes you play zone because you think a zone will work against a particular team. Sometimes you play zone to change up what wasn't working. A man wasn't working.

We felt like we could mix our pressure three-quarter court. We played a couple different ways and then our half-court zones which we play a couple different ways. So that would, at the very minimum, keep them in front of us so we could see where they are. You're not guarding as much action. You can sort of surround a painted area on a missed shot, helps you rebound.

Some coaches would argue that it doesn't help you rebound. I think it does. Keeps everybody there. And it put more pressure on them to shoot 3s. They're a team that's pretty good at it. But tonight they were 6-for-27.

Q. How much time do you spend this week coming into today that it might feel more like a true road game being so close to Cincinnati?
COACH MCCAFFERY: Truthfully, not very much. The thing about NCAA Tournament play, there's other teams represented here today that don't care who wins this game. So the Tennessee people, the Colgate people, they don't care.

I knew the Hawk fans would be doing the "Let's go, Hawks" cheer. I knew there would be more Cincinnati people. But it's an NCAA game. I didn't feel like in any way shape or form it was a road game to me.

I coached in '09; we played Ohio State in Dayton. I remember like it was yesterday and everybody from Louisville was rooting for Siena. So it's a different kind of deal.

Our guys were locked in. Every game in our league is a big stage. It's national TV. It's an NBA arena. And we're used to being on the road. We just played at the United Center.

So the critical thing is to know and understand what do we have to do to beat Cincinnati; what do they do well? What can we take away? What can we do to exploit them? And not worry about who's in the 15th row yelling for one team or another.

Q. You never know how a freshman is going to respond. What is it about Wieskamp that made him be able to be so poised?
COACH MCCAFFERY: I think the thing that was impressive about him today was it didn't start real well for him. A lot of times when that happens guys struggle for 40 minutes. He has always done a really good job of figuring out what are they doing to me? What are they doing to us? What can I do that's different than what I've been doing? He's a very cerebral guy in that sense.

And I think as the game progressed, you saw him become more confident in what he was doing at both ends. He gets 19 points. Hits a huge 3. But -- huge shot block at a very critical situation. He's just a guy that does a lot of things to help us win. And you can count on him to make those kinds of decisions in his head and not be a mistake guy.

Q. Not that the NCAA Tournament always correctly reflects a league strength, but what does it say about the Big Ten that you're 6-0 so far in this tournament?
COACH MCCAFFERY: We've been saying all year long that it's the most competitive league in the country top to bottom. And you sort of expect Big Ten coaches to make those kinds of statements. But the reality is we actually believe that. And so I think it's proving it.

Q. What you said before about keeping your poise on -- you're a hot-blooded guy, a Philly guy?
COACH MCCAFFERY: At times.

Q. -- was there a point in your career where you learned how valuable it was to keep your poise under those kinds of circumstances, 18-5, that kind of thing?
COACH MCCAFFERY: Very definitely. One of my mentors, John MacLeod, he was the best at that. And he would always say, when it gets sticky, you can't yell at them. That's what he would say.

So when you see me get hot blooded, there are various reasons for that, and it happens despite what some people might think, very rarely. It doesn't happen very much in practice. It doesn't happen much in the locker room, at halftime. Oh, that coach went in there and yelled at them. No.

But at crunch time and in key moments of the game, you can't lose your mind and start yelling at them. It's only going to lead to more mistakes. At that point you need to build confidence.

Q. Three big scores in the second half underneath out-of-bounds, two of them from out of a timeout -- a Garza 3, a Baer 3, and then you get a Garza layup. Those go-to sets for you guys out of bounds or did that come out of the timeouts?
COACH MCCAFFERY: They're go-to sets for us. But the difference is you can run certain action. But then you can move people around in that action. So it might look different. So we ran a typically action but we moved things around. And that's how Luka got the 3 in particular. He's not usually in that spot, usually a guard or a perimeter guard.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Jordan, what was it like to have the kind of game that you had on this kind of stage?
JORDAN BURNS: It feels great. We came into this game knowing how good we were as a team. And to be able to go out there and show people how good we really are was great.

Q. Will, what was the difference in the second half when you started to make a little bit of a run, came from a deficit, got back in front? What were the things that were working for Colgate at that point?
WILL RAYMAN: It was pretty much just sticking to the game plan and forcing them to take tough shots and getting rebounds. In the first half we let up way too many offensive rebounds and that kind of messed up the first half.

And the second half, we were getting those rebounds that we were missing the first half and we were making shots. We were swinging the ball. We were playing team basketball like we have for the past 11 games.

Q. This is a big place. Nationwide Arena is huge. It's not Hamilton. But the maroon you could visibly see. You could hear everybody. Were you aware that you had so much support in the stands, and of course watching at home, but right here in Ohio?
JORDAN BURNS: Definitely, we knew we had so much support. We have the best fans in the country. That's what we think. We pack out Cotterell Court as much as we can, and we love these guys, all the people that come out and watch us play. We definitely felt it tonight.

WILL RAYMAN: It's great to see all those people coming out. I only knew that the football team was going to be there, so to see that whole section full was really unbelievable. And we're a small school, but we have a lot of people that really care about the school. So it just shows.

Q. Jordan, I just talked to your dad in the concourse. Everyone's kind of looking toward next year already -- maybe a second back-to-back NCAA Tournament appearance like the '90s. Your thoughts on that?
JORDAN BURNS: Honestly, we're just going to get back to work after today. We're just going to get back in the gym, work hard for next season and we'll discuss goals and things at the end of the year.

Q. It looked like you guys were just enjoying it so much. Can you just talk about -- can you just explain the sheer joy factor of what that was like being out there today?
JORDAN BURNS: Yeah, of course. Our coaches at the time, playing with house money, and he was just saying just go out there, have fun, we have nothing to lose. It was great going out there with this big crowd and being able to stay in the game and almost winning the game. It was amazing.

We felt like coming into this game it was going to be a close one even though most people in the country didn't. So we expected this. So that's why we were really excited. And unfortunately we were unable to pull it off, but we had a great showing.

WILL RAYMAN: I mean, just personally I love playing basketball. I'm always happy when I'm playing. And I know we all do. That's why we do this every day. That's why we play at this level. Just like to be out there on the national stage, this is it.

Like this is what you dream about as a kid. This is what you watch on TV. This is the best stage to do it in. And we were just all having a really good time out there.

Q. Jordan, it seemed like earlier in the game they were talking to you while you were driving and moving around. What were they saying and what was it like to see it as the game went on?
JORDAN BURNS: The Tennessee players? I mean, that happens with a lot of schools. It's just talking, getting into the game and things. We're competitors out there. So guys on the other side, you want to try to get in each other's head. And it was fun. It was all fun and games. It's during the game, just during the flow.

Q. (Indiscernible)?
JORDAN BURNS: Just them. Nothing really drives me besides my team. They keep me driving regardless what anybody says.

Q. Jordan, growing up watching this thing and the "One Shining Moment" and the montage and all that, and obviously you're probably going to be a part of that, did you feel like you were going to have something special today? Did you wake up out of bed and think this is going to be it?
JORDAN BURNS: I felt like today was going to be a special day, definitely, with my dad being able to see me play for the first time in a while. So it was great having him here, having all my family here. So I definitely feel like today was a special day. And it was, obviously.

Q. Jordan, elaborate on the moment you had with your dad after the game. You climbed over the press row area there to enjoy a moment with your dad. Just tell us what that was like.
JORDAN BURNS: I haven't seen my dad in a couple months. My parents -- my mom and my brothers came up last week for the championship game. But he wasn't able to make it because of work. Just being able to see his face and give him a hug and tell him I love him was amazing.

Q. You were without one of your best players, some kind of eye issue. What kind of effect did that have on you guys?
JORDAN BURNS: Honestly it didn't have much of an effect. Everyone on our team is good enough to step up at any given time. We work for these moments, for guys being out and stuff. So we were ready. If he wasn't ready to play, another guy was going to step up and play tonight. And that's what happened tonight.

WILL RAYMAN: Exactly what he said.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, an opening statement.

COACH LANGEL: Obviously a fantastic NCAA basketball game. I thought the venue was terrific. The hospitality has been unbelievable. I thought the fans and the energy in the building was everything you dreamed it could be.

Specific to the game, it kind of went as planned other than obviously your heart goes out to Rapolas. He woke up with a bout of pink eye this morning. It just wasn't happening.

You have a mix of emotions; you're proud of your team and happy that we fought so hard to make such an exciting game, but you're disappointed for the result. And your heart breaks for Rapolas, who without him we wouldn't be able to get there.

It speaks to the character and the makeup of the team I gets to coach and that's who they are. Jordan Burns missed five games with a pretty significant ankle injury and the guys just kept moving forward. And they kept getting better over the course of the season, and as a coach you want nothing more than that.

I gotta give Tennessee credit. They had all the pressure. Jordan joked that I said we were playing with house money. But we dealt with that pressure going into the end of the regular season and into our conference tournament. We have one chance to get here.

So as the game got tight and close, I thought Tennessee managed it really well. Obviously Schofield stepped up and made huge corner jump shots. It ends up being the difference in the game. We turned it over a couple more times than we would have liked and gave up a couple more offensive rebounds than we would have liked.

But for the most part we got to show who we are and what we can do and made some good plays to get some open shots and stepped up and knocked them down.

Q. Down 16 in the first half and then without the services of Rapolas Ivanauskas in the second half. To battle back and take the lead in the second half and battle all the way down the stretch, does anything surprise you about this team?
COACH LANGEL: No, you've been with us every step of the way. And I think you've seen the myriad of ways that this group has found a way to battle and compete and it's been different guys in different moments. And they do it together and they believe in one another.

Again, I've never coached a team that gives each other more high-5s than this group. We can do any shooting drill or be down 15 or up two or whatever, they're just constantly there for one another. So nothing surprises me.

Obviously I'm immensely proud of their effort, and I think part -- Rap couldn't see great and we stuck with him because he's a huge part of our team. But part of getting down was him being out there, he couldn't catch the ball clean, couldn't see great. And in some ways the group rallied behind him and for one another.

Q. For the first 36 minutes they took open 3s and for the most part didn't make them. And Bone hit one and Schofield hit three. How much of the kind of the result is just them bucking that trend?
COACH LANGEL: I think a lot of it. The game plan wasn't just let them shoot 3s, but obviously they dominate in the paint in the SEC, and they're number one in the country for a stint this season because of their ability to do what they do.

So we knew if we just kind of played them, didn't pack it in a little bit and change defenses and help and show them a crowd and give up hopefully some late-contested 3-point shots that our chances weren't great. So that was part of the game plan was to hope that they would miss enough for it to be close enough for us to steal, and give those guys credit.

Bone is -- he's a really talented guy, but he also runs his team. And I think he and Turner to combine nine assists, just two turnovers is a huge part of the game. And Schofield stepped up and made those shots, and Bone made a huge one, too.

Q. Was there a time during the game when you thought we could really pull this off? And secondly with Ivanauskas's eye issue, what did you do to try to -- was there anything you could do about it -- just pink eye and you have to hope his vision clears somehow?
COACH LANGEL: Our medical staff, they didn't think anybody thought it was going to be an issue. He had his glasses on all through the morning and he went to put his contacts in and he was just really struggling, struggling to get his contacts in to see.

I think they tried a variety of different things, medications and ice and cleaning the lenses and all those things. And just, in the second half he tried to warm up at halftime and just said he couldn't go.

I think the other question you asked was did I ever think we were going to get -- yeah, the whole time. As a coach that's what you think. Our staff worked like crazy since Sunday to try and prepare a plan that our guys could execute to win the game.

And so when you're down double figures, you're searching for things to do. And without Rap out there, we had to make some changes on the fly. But it also gave us some advantages because they had -- with forwards and centers on our guards. So it allowed us to drive a little bit more and create some passing lanes and some ball screens/switching opportunities that, to be honest, we don't usually use.

And our guys stepped up and played great. They played their hearts out and they made some shots. And again you're just trying to continue to hang in there, hang in there, hang in there, and hope that you can get enough stops and make enough shots down the stretch to steal a game like that.

Q. Eight years now at Colgate. You've taken these incremental steps: conference championship last year; you win the conference championship; you get here this year. Can you call it a program now and a new culture in Hamilton and at Colgate based on what's been going on and are you ready to make the next step now in another year?
COACH LANGEL: Yeah, I mean, our goal every step of the way -- I've been fortunate to have a staff with me most of that whole time. And we've got another assistant coach who played for us. So he's been with us most of the time, is we're just trying to constantly get better. And so that goes to every aspect of what we do, whether it's helping our players get better, our recruiting efforts, whatever it may be. I'm really proud of how Colgate and Hamilton rallied around. They're two really small communities. You're talking a couple thousand people.

And for them to show up here in Columbus like they were able to, it means a lot to me personally. I do feel good about the program we've built. And I told the seniors in our locker room, as they were exiting, they don't get to put the uniform on anymore, but they should be really proud and hopefully will be for some time of the program that they've helped build.

And I hope -- one of my goals when I got here was that Colgate basketball would become generational; that guys who wore the uniform in the '70s and '80s and '90s would want to know these guys, and these guys, as they move forward, would want to come back and follow the team and be a part of our program, because to me that's what makes it special.

Q. I don't know if bittersweet is the right word, but the moment for Jordan afterward, he fights to the end of the game, makes those two 3s, and if immediately goes to his family there. What was your kind of perspective on that moment and did you have a chance to kind of say anything to him?
COACH LANGEL: No. I didn't get to -- obviously you've been around our team for a few days here. Jordan's a talented individual. And he's driven in a lot of ways. And one of those things that drives him is his love for his family and their love for him.

I feel really good that I get to coach, not just Jordan, but a lot of guys who come from those backgrounds, who their families give them to us to be their Colgate basketball family for a little bit. And as important as that is to the guys on our team, their families are always number one. And I think that's the way life should be. Not everybody gets to have that opportunity. And it's special in Jordan. It's a big part of who he is.

But the same goes for just about everybody else on our team. So I feel very fortunate to coach guys like that who have those relationships and care so deeply about their loved ones.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Jaylen, all the players in here yesterday were talking with such respect for their top scorer. What did you guys do to limit him?
JAYLEN NOWELL: Well, first off, Sam is a really good player. And we really just made sure that wherever he was we had everyone know where he is. We were talking. Every time he made a backdoor cut, every time he cut behind our defense, we made sure we knew exactly where he was. That's kind of how we were able to hold him to ten points.

Q. Noah, were there any panic feelings when obviously your team was in foul trouble there and your rhythm was broken up by that as well as your usual rotation heading down the stretch?
NOAH DICKERSON: Not at all. In practice we have so many different lineups, and it's the next guy up, next-guy-up mentality. Jamal came in here, did what he had to do. And Naz came in, gave us great minutes. And we are a great team and we all do it together.

Q. You just won a game in March Madness, not everybody gets to do. How does it feel?
NOAH DICKERSON: It feels really good actually. When I was a little kid I used to watch this tournament all the time hoping one day I would have a chance to play in it. And now I do. And it's just special, a special opportunity.

Q. Jaylen, teams always look different. You can watch them on video all you want. But once the game actually starts and the reality sets in as to what they are, it becomes a different game. What did you see in the first five minutes as you guys initially struggled that was much different than what you suspected it would be when you were just watching on video?
JAYLEN NOWELL: Well, they played a lot more physical than we thought they did. They came out, like Coach said, they really punched us in the mouth with their physicality. We were stunned by that, but we made sure that -- we just made sure that we were able to continue to keep playing as hard as we can. And when they pushed us, we just have to push back.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Questions for Coach.

Q. You obviously were looking at video of Utah State much more lengthy than the players were, but what did you notice?
COACH HOPKINS: You know, at the end of the day, I've got to give our staff an incredible amount of credit. These guys watched more film. They were so prepared and ready for these guys. And these kids, it goes back to executing your game plan. So when you see a guy like Sam Merrill, who -- he can shoot it, he can pass it, he's intelligent. They're so well-coached. Their ball movement is as good as anybody in the country. They've got shooters -- Brock Miller, every time he got the ball I was a nervous wreck over there. He's just an incredible shooter.

And then Queta, what can you say about him? He's one of the best players in the country that nobody knows about, and everybody knows about him tonight.

And so we knew the challenge was going to be very, very difficult. And we were able to just shut them down as much as possible. And Jaylen had said, and Noah, we try to prepare them for anything, anything that they might come at us with. And for us, we're a good team when everybody participates.

And it's been a different guy every night. Today Naz Carter hit two big 3s when the game was tight. And he's prepared. He works. And Jamal Bey had to come in; we lost our point guard for the last eight minutes. They're pressing. We haven't been the best team against pressure.

And just so proud of the guys, because they were ready. They were together. And they were poised.

Q. Thybulle picked up his fourth foul. Was there hesitation as to what to do there?
COACH HOPKINS: Had to get him back in. He makes the game different for anybody, and when you play against a team that has great ball movement, and they get good offensive rhythm, you're going to be in trouble. And he disrupts rhythm. He disrupts offensive rhythm. You gotta think about him everywhere when he's on the court; he's blocking, he's stealing. I think he's the national defensive player of the year. And when he's on the court there's a different air of confidence with our defense. And just happy he was able to stay out and not get his fifth foul.

Q. And hit a big shot?
COACH HOPKINS: And hit a huge shot.

Q. How does your first tournament win at Washington compare to the first one you had as an assistant at Syracuse?
COACH SMITH: As a player or a coach at Syracuse?

Q. As a coach.
COACH HOPKINS: As a coach at Syracuse, my first year was '95-'96. We went to the national championship game against Kentucky. And it was one of those things as a coach your first time doing it. And getting that first feeling. And when you're trying to build a program to where we were and where we want to be, it's not only great for the seniors that stayed with it and have showed the way for the underclassmen, but it's a way for the underclassmen, the next one up, to feel the excitement and feel the crowd and to see what it's like to play in the greatest sporting event on planet earth.

And it's a feeling you never want to give away. And so this elevates where we want to be. We didn't come here to get in the NCAA Tournament. The greatest thing that makes this great tournament is you have a chance to win a national championship. It doesn't matter if you're a 16. Doesn't matter if you're a 15. Doesn't matter if you're a 14. You have a chance to win a national championship.

And I think -- I know our standard is going to be that's what we fight for. That's what we do, when we're in the trenches, on the rowers, when we're riding those hills and trying to build a team, that's who we are. And I'm just excited to get that win and show those guys if we execute and we play together we can accomplish anything.

Q. You mentioned Noah being one of the better back-to-the-basket type players when he's on. Early in the game he did get going. Was that by design or was that something that kind of grew organically, I guess, within the game plan?
COACH HOPKINS: A week ago -- if you watched him last year when we played Arizona with Deandre Ayton, he had 28 and whatever, the thing this year and where he's sacrificed, where he's made us better is teams are double- and triple-teaming him. He sacrificed a lot for the betterment of the team.

And tonight they played him man-to-man. Early they doubled and we capitalized on it because he's a great passer if he's willing to. And he did.

And then when they played him man-to-man he's a problem. And having that option, that weapon down there, he's hard to guard. And we're lucky to have him on our team, I can tell you that. So, yes, by design. We play inside/out.

Q. When Utah State cut it within a point, I thought Carter hit two really big 3-pointers. Was that kind of by design, or he just had open looks?
COACH HOPKINS: At the end of the day, what was going to happen, we knew -- they do a great job of packing the paint. They're one of the best two-point-field-goal percentage defensive teams in the country. They go in the boxes and elbows.

We knew they would double team. We knew we would get open shots if we were patient and we moved the ball. And then it comes down to -- sometimes coaches, in press conferences, we didn't make shots tonight. Well, we made them tonight. Like you said, I thought that was a big part of the game, the two 3s, and he stepped in, wide-open shots, and that's when we're at our best. Those are the shots we make when we make 3s.

So it was the unselfish passing and guys looking for each other. And Naz Carter is probably one of the hardest workers on our team. And to see him have those moments was pretty special.

Q. Obviously you don't like to talk about yourself, but can you give us one example how this experience is different than being an assistant coach in a big game like this?
COACH HOPKINS: Do you see my hairline? I lost a lot of real estate the last two years and a lot of sleep. But you know what, listen, I've dreamt my whole life of being in this position. When you dream it and you get an opportunity, it's special, can't lie to you. But I've always believed and surrounded myself with great people. My mom and dad stressed that my whole life. I did that with Jen, Shaundell, the University of Washington, and coach kids I love to coach, and just trying to give them everything I know and try to learn more to give them more. And that's what it's all about. That's what makes college basketball coaching so special. All these moments and then dreams do come true.

Q. They say the 18 inches you move over in a chair is the biggest 18 inches in sports, would you agree?
COACH HOPKINS: I don't know. I've been a basketball coach my whole life. I think that's the easy part. It's the organization, running a business, it's doing all those things. Basketball, I get there, I'm a nervous wreck before I go out there. When I go out there, I roll up my sleeves; I feel like I'm playing. I've got four coaches and a staff that feel like they're playing, too. We're aligned and we're together, and that's what makes it special. It's just been an incredible run, and there's more to come.

Q. Justin, that moment walking off the floor, Coach Cronin grabbed you and Cane and gave you a big hug, looked like. How tough of a moment, I guess how thankful of a moment are you to share that with your head coach?
JUSTIN JENIFER: I'm very appreciative. Everything that I've done throughout my four years here is devoted to Coach. Like I said previously, he done stayed on me all four years no matter what it was, if it was off the court or on the court. Like I said, I'm very appreciative of what he has done for me.

Q. Justin, you're up 18-5. At some point they switch to a zone. How much did that affect you guys?
JUSTIN JENIFER: We knew that coming into the game. We knew that we was going to start off at man and they were going to go to zone. So we were prepared for that. Some shots didn't go in and that's part of the game.

Q. Tre, how much did foul trouble on Naz take you out of what you wanted to do in the first half there and the second half as well?
TREVON SCOTT: It affected us a lot. But in my opinion, it was plenty of games where we had to go to different lineups like that and we came out successful. So that's what's so frustrating about the loss. We didn't get it done today like we usually do.

But if Naz, if he would have fought through, played smarter, stayed in, I don't know the outcome of the game would have been different. But he played hard. He was trying. We just came up short.

Q. Justin, once the three-quarter pressure, half-court pressure kind of picked up, you guys were getting shots much later in the shot clock. Was that a direct result of that pressure or was it something that you were trying to do in the first half?
JUSTIN JENIFER: Well, we was told to attack. When somebody presses you you're supposed to attack, not lay back. It was like a 50/50. Sometimes we attacked and sometimes we just laid back. And when we laid back it involved turnovers and led to layups. And that was a big piece to the game. And that was a big turn to them getting the lead.

Q. You had such a great year. In some ways an unexpected year from outsiders. To have an early NCAA exit, can you describe what that feels like right now?
TREVON SCOTT: It's tough. A lot of people doubted us. A lot of people said we probably wouldn't have got to where we are at today. But we stayed together. We had a great head man right here, Coach Cronin, in front of us, listening.

But it's tough going out. Every team has goals and this was not part of our goals. But the toughest part of it is losing Justin and Cane. We owe everything this whole season to these guys. I appreciate you for everything.

JUSTIN JENIFER: Love you, bro.

TREVON SCOTT: Love you, too, bro. It's just frustrating.

JUSTIN JENIFER: I'd say it's tough. I didn't picture that we were going to lose this game today. I pictured my senior year still going on. But you know at the end of the day, you know, it happened.

And I couldn't be more proud of the guys even though that was with me through the whole way. And as long as they believed in me I believed in them and that's what makes us such a family.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Questions for Coach. You can make a statement.

COACH CRONIN: I would like to congratulate Iowa. I thought that -- you know, they were a Top 25 team most of the year. Obviously Fran's a friend of mine. Whatever happened, happened. He had to miss a few games. That threw them off.

They got a great coach. And I have nothing but tremendous respect for them and their program and the way they do things. So I think it's important to make sure that I point that out.

So as far as today's game, guys, we're not going to win when we give up 79 points. I don't remember the last time Cincinnati has won a game where we've given up 79. Some of you guys might be able to research it. Now, they're a great offensive team. Somebody referenced it earlier, in the plus/minus, we're plus-12 in the 20 minutes Nysier Brooks played.

We didn't have the depth on the front line, obviously, to deal with their guys on the interior. I thought that was probably the biggest difference in the game, if you're going to ask me what the difference in the game was.

Second thing is I thought we took some questionable shots that are out of character for us. We played and got into -- got the game going at a pace that we couldn't set our defense enough. And we got a little too concerned with our offense. And whether it was their zone, their pressure or whatever the case may be, we got our mind off of defense.

We gave up a 3 on an out-of-bounds play. We're first or second in the country in out-of-bounds defense. We usually are every year. We have to be because we're not running around with lottery picks.

So last thing I would say is you heard these guys talk. So that's what I'm most proud of. You listen to Justin, I knew who he was four years ago. I've done my job -- sit here listen him talk like that.

Tre is unbelievable as well. Great kids. We had an unbelievable season. Had a tremendous season. Obviously tough situation to have to play a team that was ranked in the Top 25 in the first round more weeks than we were. And we won our conference championship.

But again I'm just a believer that the tournament's about winning it anyway. You've got to win six to win it. So I would have the same thoughts if we lose game 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5.

Q. Did you think your guys didn't attack that zone enough --
COACH CRONIN: I do not think offense had anything to do with our demise. We shot -- I thought we shot too many 3s five, six feet behind the line. We did take some shots that I thought were questionable.

I don't think it was their zone that caused it. I think it was decisions by us. And, again, it's a get-it-done world. We talked a lot about not taking the bait on those shots and making sure that we threw one more pass and got them in the closeout and try to beat them off the dribble.

We didn't do a good enough job on that. But, again, they shot 54 percent for the game, almost 55 percent. So we had some egregious errors defensively. We let some of our offensive -- we won games we shot 26 percent from the field at SMU.

So stuff happens on offense. But I thought we let it affect our defensive energy. But we did take some questionable shots.

Q. Other than Brooks being on the bench at the end of the first half, was there anything you saw that helped them close that lead going into halftime?
COACH CRONIN: We weren't going to shut them out. I think you've got to give credit to people. I thought they made a few shots where they drove the paint, stopped, pivoted two or three times and made a tough play.

Obviously you can't converge too much because they've got shooters running around the line. Those are hard plays. They made a few of those -- I think, Bohannon's shot at the end of the half was a great example. Made another one in the second half where he pivoted two or three times. I thought he drug his pivot foot. Of course I'm going to think that; I'm the opposing coach. The film will tell me whether I'm right or not. They're a great offensive team for a reason. They have been all year.

Q. You win 28 games. You win the conference tournament championship. But you will be judged, and you know this, by what happened today. Do you have any comment on that?
COACH CRONIN: I judge -- just so you know -- I'm judged by the guys who were sitting up here, that's who -- that's my concern.

Q. You talked yesterday about not taking these tournament appearances for granted, and your first appearance being here in Columbus. So as a coach, a coaching staff, where do you go from here after, like you said, another season where you win a conference but an early exit?
COACH CRONIN: Back to work -- with a lot of pride, by the way. Back to work with a lot of pride.

Q. You obviously knew that Garza could shoot the ball. Were you surprised they went to him as much as they did, especially when they were down?
COACH CRONIN: Not in the low post, I wasn't.

Q. Outside?
COACH CRONIN: A couple of the 3s that he made were pretty deep. I mean we talked about he would shoot it -- I think he made 19 on the year. So, I mean, we talked about he would shoot it if we didn't guard him out there.

But his size, obviously, bothered us in the low post. He's a guy, if he catches it deep -- I told our guys he's like the two big guys for Portland and Denver in the pros; may not jump high, but he can really use his body and hands around the basket and get it in.

Q. Question about the crowd. Obviously playing so close to home, what did you think of it --
COACH CRONIN: We have great fans. Not a surprise at all. Appreciate all of them. Hope everybody gets home safe. They've been great all year. I think we were sold out season tickets this year. We have great support in our program.

Q. You talked all week about wanting -- about you would love to take big shots above anything else. And then yesterday you talked about watching Iowa hit 3s on film. When they started hitting the second half, was that kind of all those --
COACH CRONIN: We had two minute breakdowns. Those are things you can control. We didn't control that. So at the end of the day I take responsibility for that.

There were some things that we did -- I'm not going to mention names of guys -- but we just had breakdowns. We fell asleep on some guys. The thing about our defense is we're supposed to be in the passing lane. So if you help, the guy has to go backdoor. We don't give up direct passes out for the 3. So that was the breakdown.

And we fell asleep on that out-of-bounds play, and we fell asleep just to let Jordan Bohannon shoot one in our face. But they put 40 minutes of offensive pressure on your defense. At the end of the day our defense wasn't good enough today.

Q. Anything you said to Justin and Cane there at the end that you're willing to share?
COACH CRONIN: I challenged those guys this summer when we started up. And whenever our eight weeks started in the summer, I challenged them that there's a difference between getting on the bus and getting on the bus to make sure your team wins.

And I don't think -- I learned this from my dad years ago as a high school coach: you're never going to win with bad seniors. It's never going to happen. Your seniors have got to be bought in, whether they're role players, scorers, defenders, whatever, they've got to be the guys. And so I put the heat on them and they met the challenge.

I put the heat on them now in the summer because obviously they were just getting on the bus. And their desire to win to make sure that this program did not drop off, that we kept winning games, we did things the right way, all the things I ask veteran guys to do on our team that Gary Clark and Kyle did the year before; they did it all. They did everything I asked of them.

So I just told them I loved them. Obviously they're not the most talented players in the world. Okay? Cane got recruited by Sacred Heart. Justin is my size. When I'm hugging guys that are almost my size, it tells you. For those guys, they accomplished -- what their team accomplished would not have happened if they weren't totally all in this year. That's been a trademark of our program, from Justin Jackson and guys like Sean Kilpatrick, back further and further.

Q. Rickey, could you talk about that first half, the way you guys came out?
RICKEY MCGILL: We just came out ready to play. We knew they was going to come out and try and get a win over us, try and beat us by a lot. So for us to come out like the way we did, that was a big one. And then things changed.

Q. Rickey, obviously last year a 16 beat a 1. How much was that on your mind, especially after the first half, as well as you played?
RICKEY MCGILL: We definitely had confidence with that. We all know UMBC beat Virginia by 20. We came out, tried to prove the world the same thing, tried to get the upset.

Q. E.J., seemed like North Carolina tried to change their defense in the second half to try to clog the middle, you were getting frustrated going down the lane. And they put a lot more energy on their offense. What changed in the second half?
E.J. CRAWFORD: They just made an adjustment on me. And that's really what they did, made an adjustment, yeah.

Q. Rickey, Coach Williams was in here saying some nice things about you. What did he and what did some of the North Carolina players say to you on the handshake line?
RICKEY MCGILL: They were just telling me, heck of a game. You're going to be something special. Just keep going, don't ever quit.

Q. Looked like a very emotional moment when you walked off the court for Iona the last time. Your encounter with Coach Cluess, what was that like?
RICKEY MCGILL: Like he said, me and him have been through so much, through practice, through the arguments, through everything. I'm going to miss playing for him. Just miss playing -- just miss playing for a great coach.

Q. Rickey, just overall, the memories of four years, four NCAA Tournaments, when you look at your legacy on this program, how do you feel you were ultimately defined?
RICKEY MCGILL: Just one of the hardest workers to ever come out of Iona. Not to sound cocky or nothing, but from where I came from as a freshman to now just shows how much I care about this game.

Q. Rickey, how much of the idea playing in your final NCAA Tournament contribute to your performance tonight, and what has these last four years meant to you being at Iona?
RICKEY MCGILL: Tonight, I just knew I had to give my all, all or nothing for 40 minutes. I knew I couldn't give up on my guys. I had to come out, give it my all, try and get a win. For the last four years it's just a blessing. It's just a blessing, man.

Q. Asante, as you prepared for this game and saw videotape, how unrealistic is that once you actually see the length of a team like Carolina?
ASANTE GIST: It was an adjustment for us. Our confidence is not like that. To go against a team, they were packing the lane on us. It was difficult to drive. Coach told us to move the ball. And we were going to get attack lanes after a couple of passes.

And it worked for us in the first half. And second half it worked for us, too, we just couldn't make some shots and we couldn't get back in transition. And they killed us on the boards; that was a big thing as well.

I'm still proud of my guys how we played and I'm proud of us for the season we had.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Questions for Coach.

Q. What do you say about the team's effort in the first half on both ends of the court?
COACH CLUESS: It was terrific. I wish we could have done it for two halves. I think they gave it everything they could on both ends of the court. In the first half, couldn't have asked for anything more.

Q. Second half, looked like North Carolina changed their defense. They clogged the middle when Crawford would go down the lane, and they were just much more aggressive on offense. Was there anything you could do or was it just something you see happening?
COACH CLUESS: You need to make shots. We had a lot of open looks. And I couldn't ask for better shots. They didn't fall tonight. Some of our better shooters, especially in the second half, missed wide-open shots.

But on the other end they started playing on all cylinders and they started attacking the rim much harder, got down the court in hurry. Tajuan Agee being in foul trouble most of the game obviously was a hindrance to us because we don't have a luxury of having a lot of depth and that really hurt us as well. And all credit to North Carolina. They're a great team.

Q. What did you say to Rickey when you took him out? And if you can, how much did he mean to this program over four years? What are you going to miss about him?
COACH CLUESS: I thanked him for the four years and through everything we've been through, watch his development. And I told him I'm there for him the rest of his life, no matter what he needs, on or off the court, to help him out.

He's meant a tremendous amount to our program over these last four years. He's going to be the model when we bring players in and recruit players that I want to use, how somebody came in not highly recruited, really didn't do much as a freshman, and built himself up to the level he did and was part of four championship teams and four NCAA teams.

So what better way to, like, talk about a program and a team except using Rickey McGill as an example?

Q. I know in the past you told your guys don't die wondering. And they don't have to wonder for the rest of their lives how they would have done. How do you feel they did that?
COACH CLUESS: I think they gave us everything they have. No one's going to say this, but E.J. Crawford's had the flu for the last two days. Just the fact he was out there playing was tremendous by him to come out and try to give us what he could. He wasn't able to practice yesterday and that hurt our team. And I feel bad for him because he's worked so hard.

But they have nothing at all to be ashamed about. They should have their heads high. Like I told them, we're extremely proud of what they did this year. Iona's extremely proud of it. And hopefully anyone who watched us play enjoyed what they saw.

THE MODERATORK: I know you didn't have the second half that you wish you had, but as you will look back on that tape for years to come, you'll see how hard they were still playing in the second half. It's been a great story for us to follow. Thank you.


THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Jordan Bone, how were you able to keep your composure when they were making a bunch of shots and everybody in the arena was rooting for Cinderella? How were you able to not panic?
JORDAN BONE: I want to say first this was a really good team. They fought super hard. And we couldn't appreciate that honestly any more.

I feel like this team was prepared to come into this game. I feel like we understood going into the game that it was going to be tough, understanding that especially this time of the year is very important, it's very critical -- and towards when we understood that it was going to be a tight game.

We just wanted to put them in long possessions, make them guard a little longer and just execute what we do. We know we've been in tougher positions earlier this year. So the key thing is just never get rattled, understand how hard we worked to get to this point, so there's no reason to get rattled, but more importantly just executing our game plan.

Q. What made Jordan Burns so difficult to guard today?
JORDAN BOWDEN: He was hitting tough shots. We tried to limit his touches down to the end. And we had good defense on him -- Lamonté Turner was playing good, tight defense on him. He was just hitting tough shots. And that's what we tried to do.

Q. Do you think a game like this, instead of having just a blowout in the first game, could serve you well as the tournament progresses?
JORDAN BONE: Absolutely. Like I mentioned earlier, they put up a tough fight. This wasn't an easy game. We knew that it was going to be like that going into this game. I feel like they prepared us well for our upcoming game against Iowa.

So we just have to understand, going into the Iowa game, it's going to be another tough matchup. It's going to be very similar. And we have to execute our game plan.

Q. Coming down the stretch, nine of your last 10 opponents were NCAA Tournament teams. How much do you think that helped you guys prepare for the kind of competition you were going to see this month? Nine of the last 10 teams you played were NCAA Tournament teams. Just playing that kind of schedule at the end of the year, how do you think that's helped you guys?
JORDAN BOWDEN: It helped us a lot. We've been in tough battles the whole year. A team like Colgate, like Bone said, they prepared us for Iowa. And (indiscernible) just about us executing the game plan and doing what we do.

Q. Could you describe what the emotions are like when you're playing against Cinderella and everybody is rooting for them and against you?
JORDAN BONE: I feel like there wasn't much emotions. We were excited to play. I feel like on our end there was a lot of anxiety towards the beginning of the game. We were kind of just ready to play because we didn't like the way we ended the season and the championship game against Auburn.

So we were all just ready to go out there and compete. We were very anxious. I feel like the emotions, we've learned to put that to the side. We've learned in many tough games, exciting games, as you would say, it's more about if intensity over the emotion, intensity being just doing your job at a very high level. So I feel like there wasn't a lot of emotion, there was just a lot of anxiety towards the beginning of the game.

Q. What do you say, because those guys played their hearts out as you did, what do you say to those guys at the end of the game? This is the biggest game they'll ever play?
JORDAN BONE: Absolutely, man. Like I mentioned earlier, we just appreciate those guys for coming to fight. It wasn't an easy game. Just shaking their hands, I was just like great game, man, keep your head up. Way to fight. Way to fight.

Just a wonderful lesson, just to compete day in, day out. That's what this game is about, just competing and enjoying the game.

Q. I wanted to ask you about the 3 you hit, maybe four minutes left or so from the right wing, obviously they had been playing off for a while. What did that mean and what gives you the confidence to keep taking those?
JORDAN BONE: Well, the entire coaching staff does an amazing job to give us confidence to take those open shots. We've learned in tougher situations this year that we have to work our game plan, we have to play towards our strengths and when we do get the ball wide open we do have to shoot the ball with confidence.

So that's just a wonderful job by our coaches to give us the confidence to take those shots. And I shot it with confidence and it worked in our favor.

Q. Admiral had not been shooting well. He hits those 3s late. Grant, you weren't able to get him involved a lot, has the big block. What about those two guys and some of the plays they made late?
JORDAN BONE: With Admiral, he's been in many games this year where he's knocked down tough shots, big-time shots in a critical moment. And he did that today.

With Grant, I feel like it was kind of tough for him to get into the flow of the game earlier. I'm not really sure what it is. But he kind of found his way towards the second half, he started making the right plays, and we trust him to do that. So we put the ball in his hand and he made those right passes, made the right plays.

More than that, it's just trusting those guys because at the end of the day we're not the team that we are today without Admiral and Grant. So just understanding that we have to give those guys the ball because we trust them to make the plays, and they did that down the stretch.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Coach, an opening statement.

COACH BARNES: I think a game like today is what makes the NCAA Tournament the NCAA Tournament. You get a group of guys from a league where -- I'm looking out at my good friend, John Feinstein, you did a book or writing a book about the Patriot League -- and he told me, what's great about that league is you've got a group of guys who just love to play basketball.

That's what it looked like today. They earned the right here. And what can you say about Jordan Burns? He was terrific. Looked like he had a magnet on that ball.

But I thought they played really hard. We were -- and what Jordan said, I said to the guys at halftime -- I thought we were anxious. I thought we were showing too much anxiety.

I think some of it goes to a year ago, we came in here -- and we talked to the team about it last night -- when we had that big lead against Wright State, I told the coaches when we started out the way we did, I said, this is not good because I thought our guys just thought it was going to be that way.

When they came back and got back in the game, they were daring us to shoot it early. I didn't think we worked hard enough in the game to put the ball inside. I didn't think Grant really fought for his positioning.

But I did think we were good defensively. And I don't want to take anything away from Colgate because I thought those guys played their hearts out. But to get through this tournament you're going to have games like this. And mentioned the crowd; we've been in big arenas. I don't think the noise of the crowd is going to bother us.

I do think that at the end of the game, we tried to get some movement back into where guys know where their shots are going to come from. Like the shot -- the play that Grant ran today at the end for Admiral's last 3 was the exact same play we ran at Florida to win the game down there.

And I thought the guys knew where they were going to be able to step in and shoot the ball and they did it with confidence. Again, you've got to love Colgate and what they do. And it was kind of what I thought they would do.

I told the guys last night, don't expect it to be easy. Even if we get up, which we did. And they fought back. We were really, some uncharacteristic things that we did with our body language and things that we haven't done all year. And that's where I know that there was some anxiety with our guys.

But we were able to get it done you never take a win in the NCAA for granted ever. The fact we got it done is we had to do -- we had to do that a couple different times this year -- and Jordan Bone said it, they stayed with it. They knew what they had to do and they did it.

THE MODERATOR: Questions?

Q. You touched on it already. You sat there yesterday and predicted the exact same thing, that they would pack it in dare you guys to settle. How frustrating was it to see them continue to jack up the 3s and not work it inside?
COACH BARNES: It's frustrating because we know what it's done to us in all five of our losses. But we don't mind taking them if it's in the flow of what we're doing. It's just when we settle and we did that too much, too early.

Q. Regarding Jordan Burns, what was most impressive about his performance tonight? Is there a moment that's going to stick with you?
COACH BARNES: He's better in person than on tape, I can tell you that. You knew he was the kind of guard that controls the ball very well. He goes right a lot, and as hard as you try to keep him from doing that, he still mixes it up.

He's got a quick release. We were switching on some ball screens and he took advantage of driving guys down the lane. And he's a good basketball player. He really is. But they have a good team.

The second half, I thought, one of their bigger players didn't get to play much because I think he had an eye infection or something somebody told me. That probably helped them in the long run because they could really spread you out then.

But they're really well-coached, well-coached team. I thought they played with great composure, great poise, and they fought. And, again, that's what makes this tournament what it is. And we were fortunate to get it done. But our guys got it done. And that's the bottom line.

Q. Any message to Jordan Burns after the game?
COACH BARNES: I told him he was terrific. I'd like to have him on our team tomorrow. I shouldn't say that -- that might be called -- I didn't say that, scratch that.

THE MODERATOR: He's the kind of player you'd like to have.

COACH BARNES: The kind of player. You've got to love a guy like that. And you've got to love, I think he's from Texas because one of his former coaches actually texted me today and -- a guy that worked for me at Texas -- and told me that you're getting ready to play against one of my favorite players and one of my favorite people.

I don't know him, but for a guy that sent me that, I think it speaks volumes because he wouldn't say that if it wasn't true. He was a star today, he really was. He's been good for them all year.

Q. Do you mind me asking who that coach is?
COACH BARNES: Chris -- I'm drawing a blank on the last name. I'll give it to you off my phone.

Q. Bryce Drew was fired today. Do you have any reaction to that?
COACH BARNES: Boy, it's tough, because you get to know these guys and you realize how hard a job it is. And I've said it all year long. He had put together a great recruiting class. A guy that he built the program around got hurt five games into the season. The other guy didn't get to play -- I think he missed most of the preseason. So right at the start of the year he had to rechange everything he probably spent all summer last summer doing.

But you hate to see it for someone that I respect as much as I respect Bryce. And after three years, it's tough. And there's a lot of things that happened to them this year that I think was out of his control, and in Darius Garland going down, because they were a different team. I think he was rookie of the week or player of the week the first couple weeks of the SEC season. And it's tough. This business, after three years, it's very tough.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.


Q. How important has Garrison been this season for you guys? And when did you kind of see him start to grow into what he's become, as consistent as he's become?
KENNY WILLIAMS: He's been huge especially in ACC play. He's been the anchor of our defense. And the way he's played the ball screen has kind of made our defense a lot stronger because they can't attack off the ball screen the way the teams have somewhat in the past.

So his growth on defensive end has been huge for us. And I think it was around after Christmas break is when he really started to turn the corner and his defense really took off.

CAMERON JOHNSON: He also provides a bit of an offensive presence down low. He's been finishing around the basket well. He's been doing a good job on both ends of the floor.

Q. Cameron, how do you buy the sentiment that you have to be playing your best this time of the year? And although you might not have won the conference tournament, you guys -- do feel like you're playing your best at this time?
CAMERON JOHNSON: Yeah, I think we're getting there. I think we've been improving all year. So I think this is going to be the best products we put out all year. But you have to. You have to or you'll go home. So there's a lot more at stake. There's a lot more to play for right now. And you just gotta embrace it and do your best.

Q. Cameron, how is your health? You sat out Monday and Tuesday at practice. Any update on that?
CAMERON JOHNSON: It's good. It's March, everybody is feeling something. I'm all right. My shin is a little sore coming off the ACC Tournament. And I'm feeling pretty good now.

Q. Did you practice?
CAMERON JOHNSON: Yeah, I practiced the last two days.

KENNY WILLIAMS: Cameron is just old.

Q. How much does playing in the ACC help you guys for preparing for the NCAA Tournament?
CAMERON JOHNSON: Well, three of the four 1 seeds are ACC teams. We've been playing against the best of the best all year. It's a demanding schedule. You play a lot of good teams night in night out, so you can't really take weeks off. So that definitely prepares you for something like this.

Q. Cameron, your thoughts on Iona, a team that struggled the early part of the year but is coming to this tournament having won 10 straight games?
CAMERON JOHNSON: They've won 10 straight, like you said. They shoot the ball well. They like to get up and down. They have some guys that like to score the ball. So we're just going to have to play our game. We'll have to do what we do. From everything we've seen on film they've got some guys that can do some things pretty good.

They've got a good guard in McGill and a guy that can score down low in Agee. We've got to go out there and play our game and rebound and defend and do everything that Coach wants us to do.

Q. Kenny, a lot of people say that you have to have great guards to win in a tournament like this, experienced guards for that matter. In what ways other than he's a freshman, but in what ways would you say that Coby is experienced?
KENNY WILLIAMS: He's a player. He hasn't played like a freshman all season. Coby has played in big games. We've had a lot of big games this year. He's had big-game experience. I know March is different.

But knowing him, it's not -- the moment isn't too big. He'll just go out and play his game. And that's what I'll tell him tomorrow; just go out and be you and play your game and we'll come out fine.

Q. Roy's never lost a game in the first round. How does he get you stay focused or get you guys prepared for a game like this, especially when you're a No. 1 seed playing a 16 in a theoretically very lopsided matchup?
KENNY WILLIAMS: Coach is all about respecting everyone but fearing no one. That's exactly what he told us. You step between those lines, especially in March, you're going to get everybody's best shot. Everybody's playing for their life. Everybody's playing for their season.

So we have to take the same mindset. We can't go out there and overlook anybody and think it's just going to be easy just because we're stepping out there and just because we're North Carolina.

So tomorrow we're just going to step out there and we're going to respect them, but we're also going to play our games.

CAMERON JOHNSON: I'm just adding on to that. He emphasizes it. He emphasizes we need to play hard and well. Iona has been in the tournament four years in a row now, is what he told us. These guys, they're seniors.

They've played in a handful of them. He emphasized that to us. And we've got to go out there and play.

Q. I'm curious about that experience with Coach Williams when he has been in this situation so many times. Is he the type of coach that goes back and says we had this type of game, we had this type of opponent, when we had this team in '96 or '93 or whatever? Or is he a coach that's very much, we're looking at the next game?
CAMERON JOHNSON: I think it depends on the situation. There will be times where he'll bring up something that might have happened in the past, or reference it. But most of the time he's kind of in the moment, kind of focused on what the other team does, how we are going to attack them.

And we've been watching film on Iona now and we've been preparing for them, scouting them out, running against what they like to run on offense, defending that. So we're pretty locked into this one. We know we can't get it any further if we don't win this one.

Q. Cam, you spoke about how this tournament run means a little more to you because you weren't on the national championship squad from two years ago. How much more motivation do you have going into this weekend?
CAMERON JOHNSON: I have a lot. I can't sit here and tell you that Kenny and Luke don't have motivation. It's also their senior years, and obviously they want to be part of something, especially like another Final Four run.

But for me, personally, I've never been there. So I'm really excited for this opportunity, to shine, to embrace it the best I can and make the most of it.

Q. Kenny and Cam, to build on what you were saying before about how seriously you take this, what did you think last year when Virginia lost to a No. 16 seed? Did you watch it and what was your reaction to it?
KENNY WILLIAMS: We were actually all watching it in our meeting room at the hotel together. And it's just something that you don't really expect it, especially with a team like Virginia.

But we told each other, let's not let that be us. And so we wanted to focus in a little bit more going into our game. But we all were shocked.

CAMERON JOHNSON: I'd say shocked was what it was. We were watching it in the meeting room, like he said, and everybody was just, like, woah.

THE MODERATOR: Go ahead and start with a statement.

COACH WILLIAMS: Same thing everybody else would say we're happy to be here, thrilled to still be playing while some others are not. We had a good practice this morning. A shoot-around is all we'll do this afternoon.

Kenny, Luke and Cam have done a great job of leading our team, and Garrison, Nassir and Coby, those guys have really done a great job for us helping the seniors get from game to game. And Coby has been a scoring machine for us several times and we've needed it every time, and he's been great and listening to Cam, Kenny and Luke, and also understanding he's been pretty doggone good himself.

Q. What are you seeing from film on Iona? What are your impressions of the team?
COACH WILLIAMS: Every time I hear the word "Iona" it reminds me of Jim Valvano, "Iona College." He said, "you own a college?" You have to be old enough for me and Feinstein; we remember that.

But when I watched them, I watched them play against Monmouth in the finals of the conference tournament. Tim Cluess, good guy, he was Danny Green's high school coach, so I've known him a long time. Not trying to act like we're bosom buddies or anything, but I thought he was a really good coach then; think it even more so now.

We watched a part of that championship game, even watched part of the championship game last year when they played. But playing them, for us, we've got to understand they'll have five guys outside the 3-point line a lot, and all five guys can shoot the 3-point shot.

Earlier in the year it was 40-something percent of the shots they took were 3-pointers. The last four or five games it's been over 50 percent. So we realize we've got to get out on the floor and cover out there, that means Luke Maye, and Garrison, those guys have to get out and cover the 3-point line.

They do like to play at a fast pace but so do we. We understand that part of it. Trying to cover them on the offensive end with the 3-point shot and free throw line are two huge parts of their offense. And it's the easiest way for to you get beat if you give them free shots at the foul line or free shots from the 3-point shots. That's the biggest emphasis for us.

Q. Roy, did Cam, his shins was that a wear-and-tear kind of situation? Or did something happen last week in Charlotte and was holding him out of practice a couple days just a precaution, or are you concerned?
COACH WILLIAMS: No, I'm not concerned -- well, I'm concerned, yeah, but it's not something I've laid awake at night kind of thing. Doug and Cam and the doctors have looked at it, taken X-rays or whatever it is they do.

And I think it just flared up last week. I don't know if it was one specific incident that made it happen. But we thought it was good. He's 23 years old. I held him out of shooting practice. I told him when you get to be 23 you get to hold out of shooting practices.

And yesterday he did almost everything. Today he did everything and doesn't seem to have any problems. But you're talking about a guy who has probably handled pain for a longer period of his life than any basketball player I've ever been around. So he does a great job of that. But I fully expect that he'll play the way he's been playing.

Q. For Coby, a lot of people say you need experienced guards to make deep runs. What makes Coby different than other freshmen guards in this tournament? And when he's not on the floor how does that kind of change?
COACH WILLIAMS: I don't know what is different from other freshmen guards in the tournament. But we've played 30-something games. We're 26-6 or 27-7, something like that. So he's played 30, 35 games. We held him out of one game because, I think it was his foot. I'm not sure. Can't even remember that long ago.

But I like scoring point guards. And Coby is a scoring point guard. He's a guy that scored more points in high school basketball in the state of North Carolina than anybody in history. So I'm not going to get him and say, okay, you can't shoot. That would be sort of silly. And I do some silly things but that's not one of them.

He has the ability to put the ball in the basket. He's a good shooter and I think will eventually be a great shooter. He can attack the basket really, really well. He has no fear attacking the basket. He's better defensively than anybody ever even thinks about. He's won our defensive player of the game I think the second most of anybody on the team. Garrison's won it the most; Coby's won it second most. And he's a complete all around player.

The kids nowadays aren't like freshmen were 20 years ago. Kids nowadays are freshmen, they've been everywhere. I can remember when I started coaching we tell a kid you come here, we're going to take you to Hawaii once every four years. Every high school player goes to Hawaii now. It's no big deal.

But he's extremely gifted, extremely competitive, extremely good. He's really a good player. And really good players, even in their freshman year, even if you go back to Pervis Ellison or Michael Jordan or what, some freshmen have done some great things in this tournament, and usually they did it in the regular season as well.

Q. You said earlier in the week that the teams that have either won titles or made really deep runs have always had really good weeks of practice before the tournament starts. Wondering how your guys were earlier this week. And you've never lost in the first round. How do you keep guys --
COACH WILLIAMS: If we lose, don't let me know where you live. (Laughter) If that's perceived as a threat, it's true, okay? (Laughter).

Q. How do you keep guys focused and engaged in a game like this where you're theoretically a pretty heavy favorite?
COACH WILLIAMS: First part of the question. The team that came to mind quickly when I started thinking about that and talking about it, because we've had a lot of teams that really got better as the season went along and played their best basketball at the end, but was the '09 team because I could never convince them you have to guard somebody; they sort of thought we would outscore them.

But those last three to four weeks of the season that year they really concentrated hard on the defensive end of the floor and really got a lot better.

This team, we just finished practicing an hour and a half ago or something like that and we had a really good practice this morning. That doesn't mean they don't screw it up and make a mistake, but that's the game of basketball. But I think our practices have been good this year. I think a lot of it is because we push so much. But I think a lot of it is because with Luke and Cam and Kenny they sort drag everybody else along. It's an experienced group that does that.

And I think you have to play well -- excuse me, practice well. I've never had a good team that practiced sorry every day and then played great. I've never had that. But I think this team has gotten better as we've practiced all year long, and particularly I'd say the last couple of weeks we've shortened practice a little bit and perhaps they've realized that and focused even a little bit more, or just that they've gone out and done their work.

Trying to get focused on playing against everybody, regardless of who you're playing in your seed is something I've thought ever since the first day I became a coach. And my first couple of years as an assistant we had some bad memories of those first-round games. I remember over in Raleigh, Black Sunday, us and Duke both lost when everybody thought we were going to win, playing close to home.

So I've always tried to focus on now we're in the tournament, but if you're looking down the road -- and this is corny -- I tell our guys all the time, if you're looking down the road at what might happen, that's usually where you're going: Down the road back home. And we try to focus on just playing this next game.

And I guess somebody could use it as ammunition, but somebody asked me something a day or two ago about the tournament, I couldn't even remember who our pairing was in the second round. And I was being truthful. I got one of the two teams right. I didn't get the other one right. Somebody could probably use that. But it really is, that we're trying to get ready to play Iona. And I tell the guys come on now, if we play well, maybe they'll let us stay around and play another one. But I think the kids are experienced enough to understand that part of it as well, too.

Q. Was there a light bulb moment for Garrison, especially on the defensive end that kind of got him playing as consistently as he has been recently?
COACH WILLIAMS: He was okay last year defensively, but I think at the start of the season, you look and you have Luke and you have Kenny and you have Cam, and what can they do? They can all three score.

Kenny is good defensively. The other a little bit of a liability sometimes. You look and you have Coby as a freshmen who can score. But you think, well, freshmen can't defend. And you look at Nassir and say, well, freshmen can't defend.

I think he saw that, because he's very bright. He says I have a better niche with this team if I do a good job on defensive so coach can count on me.

And I think the other thing is when you praise somebody, reward them, they tend to do the same behavior over again and even try to do it even better.

So when we talk about how well he's doing defensively and how dependable he is and everybody should thank him for covering up for your mistake, I think he likes those kind of things.

And I even think something as simple as grading the tape and listing who is defensive player of the game, he likes to see his name go up there, as everybody does. But I think he has bought into it. I want him to score every basket around the basket. If he goes out and shoots 3s, the next horn you'll see it will be him coming out, because that's not who he is. But he understands that. And I am really, really proud of what he's done for our team.

Q. Have you seen any extra motivation from Cam being that he's the senior that wasn't on the national championship team from two years ago?
COACH WILLIAMS: I'm sure Kenny and Luke talked to him about it enough that he's probably got that motivation. They live together. So they talk about the greatest time of their lives, best three-week stretch in 2017 that he didn't experience.

But I think Cameron is a youngster who has really wanted to be successful and has worked extremely hard. As I said earlier, I don't know of anybody that's had as much pain as he's had during his college career.

He's very -- I almost call him an old man. But he's very mature about everything he does and looking at everything, looking at the big picture. So I think he's hungry. But I wouldn't be surprised if those guys say some things to him away from me. But I know he's personally really hungry himself.

Q. Tennessee, of course, is here. I wanted to get your thoughts on the job Rick's done with that job as they make their move here in the NCAA Tournament.
COACH WILLIAMS: Rick's a good friend, a really good coach. A guy that I enjoy being around. We were in Maui together last year, I guess, and they started out poorly. And they got better and better.

We played them in Knoxville. He's a guy from Western North Carolina that I do really enjoy. And I've watched his teams. And Williams and Schofield, those guys, they get after you, competing on every possession.

And I gotta think Rick pushes them to do that all the time. So I think he's done a fantastic job. And he's one of those guys that, when I see him, I start grinning, so that's a pretty good legacy, too.

Q. To follow up on what you were saying before about how much more experienced players are before they ever get to you. How does that affect your dynamic? Is it always a good thing? Is it sometimes a bad thing?
COACH WILLIAMS: You know, I think it's good to have a little new enthusiasm. Sometimes I call it youthful exuberance. I think it's good to have that on your team and not just be, oh, we've done this before kind of thing. But I also like the old guys to understand how lucky we are that you're still doing it; that we're back.

I loved -- I really did -- the only ones we have are in-house cameras, but at my house, when we were watching the Selection Show, when they announced North Carolina as the No. 1 seed, put our name up there, they jumped up. And it was spontaneous. And I'm not of their generation. I tell them I'm glad I'm not. I'm three or four generations away.

But I watch some teams being announced -- it's not a cut to the way some kids do it -- but I saw teams jumping up and everybody had their phone in their hand taking a picture of their frickin' self.

Come on now. Sometimes it's got to be being excited about your group. This group, old guys like Cam, Luke and Kenny, or the young guys, Nassir and Leaky, Coby, they were genuinely pleased, enthusiastic about what went on. I like that. It's not a cut against anybody else. It's just I really appreciate the way our guys handled it.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.
Q. Quinn, I counted six different states and three different countries on your roster. Everybody always talks about the locker room and how important that is. Can you guys kind of -- how did you bring that all together and is it still a work in progress or who is in charge of the music and what have you?
QUINN TAYLOR: The cool thing about -- just playing basketball brings people together that you'd never meet kind of outside of basketball. And we're fortunate enough to have people from all over the U.S. and all over the world. And I think just our love for the game has really brought us together.

And I think generally we just rotate through who has the music in the locker room. But it's just a brotherhood and people that I'll consider brothers for the rest of my life.

ABEL PORTER: As far as that goes, I think it's been pretty natural. Sometimes you can feel a team forcing being friends, but I feel like this year it's been really big that we establish a culture, kind of reestablish the culture of family and togetherness at Utah State. And I feel like we've done that really well. I feel like it's natural as we come together.

SAM MERRILL: I think it's been incredibly helpful as far as developing the chemistry. I think because we all come from so many different backgrounds, it keeps us away from developing any type of clique or anything like that. When we're hanging around it's everybody together not groups of three or groups of four.

And fortunately we have multiple of our American-born players are bilingual. That's helped. I assume it's helped with our Portuguese players and it's been a fun experience getting to know each other.

NEEMIAS QUETA: We're a group of guys that love to play basketball, and the love is the same. We all love to play basketball and we all love to play with each other. And I think we're just a group of guys that just -- we're not worried about anything. We just love playing with each other and that helps a lot. We don't have much egos. We just love each other and we love playing basketball. That's it. It's simple.

Q. Neemi, growing up in Portugal, did you follow the NCAA Tournament? And if so, now that you're here, is this a dream of yours? What's it like for you to be here?
NEEMIAS QUETA: I've never followed it growing up. But last year, when I was being recruited, I heard of it. And I saw it was pretty nice. It's really nice being here and being a part of it. So I can't wait for it, and I hope we will have a good game and get a win.

Q. Sam, this group really -- you guys haven't been to the tournament. So this is new for everybody. But at the same time is that kind of helpful because you guys don't have to -- I don't know, maybe the pressure is not there. And what's the feeling of the team now that you've been here, being picked to finish ninth? We've talked about that a lot but maybe the expectations were that you weren't going to be here?
SAM MERRILL: Like we've talked about before, expectations preseason from those around us weren't very high. But as a team we felt that we could really do some damage. And we've always grown and grown throughout the season, but this is obviously, hopefully, not a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for some of us, but it's something that you have to enjoy.

I think our coaching staff and us as a team have done a good job this week of not trying to worry about the outside stuff as far as the media and all the excitement around it, but trying to focus on Washington and our game coming up and our scouting reports and prep. And practices have been the same that they've been all year.

As far as mentally, I don't assume -- I don't anticipate that we'll come out really nervous or jittery. Fortunately we got to play in our championship game on Saturday in the Mountain West Tournament, and that felt like it was a big game, too. So we did a pretty good job there. So hopefully we'll do a good job tomorrow as well.

Q. Matisse Thybulle might be one of the best defensive players you've seen all year -- blocked shots, steals, averaging three and a half steals a game. Sam, what do you see from him when you look at him defensively? And how do you try to get around a player that has that kind of a skill set?
SAM MERRILL: He's a great athlete. And I mean the report says that he's about 6'4", 6'5", but his arms, you can tell, watching film you can see how long and how athletic. He does a great job anticipating passing lanes and blocking shots from behind.

So they have a lot of good athletes and guys with length in their zone. So we're just going to have to play the way that we've played all year, and we do that by sharing the ball, by moving the ball, by trying to be smart, high IQ basketball players.

And he's going to make some plays. That's what this tournament is about. And the best players make plays. But hopefully we can minimize what he does by moving the ball and by not letting the ball stick and by doing things the way we've done things all year.

Q. This is a good introduction to the rest of the nation for your school. Can you describe a little bit about your school and what brought you there?
QUINN TAYLOR: For me personally, coming to Utah State, Utah State had a rich tradition in basketball. And something that each -- I feel like each one of us, when we got recruited they showed us videos of the Spectrum, where we play our home games, and it's just a crazy atmosphere. And it's something that you want to play at a school like that where you have the community behind you.

And then also, for me, being that I was going to go on a mission for my church and Utah State deals with that. So just going into that situation with the coaching staff that understood that, that I was going to go for two years and come back also helped me choose to attend Utah State. And I definitely made the right choice, and I've loved it ever since.

ABEL PORTER: Utah State, we're in Logan, Utah. And it's an awesome school if you ever look up pictures. It's a really beautiful just environment to live in up against the mountains. But besides that it's a really great academic school. And, like he said, really good at basketball.

They had some really good years in the past where the fan base was really behind it, selling out almost every single game. And I think we all saw that and kind of wanted to be a part of bringing it back. And I think that's what brought a lot of us to Utah State.

SAM MERRILL: I grew up a Utah State fan. Both of my parents graduated from Utah State. So for me it was an easy choice to go play at Utah State. I felt like it was the best fit both academically, basketball-wise, of course, and just being close to family.

But for those that have been following college basketball for a long time, Utah State used to be a regular in this tournament. And like Abel said, it's been a few years, but we're excited to be back and we're excited to represent our school and our university. And hopefully we represent them well starting tomorrow.

NEEMIAS QUETA: Utah State is a school that would be perfect for me because they have passionate fans, good conditions, a good coaching staff and everybody at the school cares about you. And I really wanted to go there.

And having players like this working for me and helping me out, it's really nice and having a good growth throughout the year with them is really nice. And the fact that we made it here, it's really nice, too.

Q. Quinn, you get a new coach your senior year. That can be challenging or difficult. What's allowed this team to kind of have that seamless transition to a new staff and have this kind of success?
QUINN TAYLOR: Coach Smith in general, going into a coaching change, there's always the unknowns. But just Coach Smith was the perfect hire. And our first meeting with him, he comes in and I think it's six in the morning or something; he just wanted to meet us real quick. And he's coming in, bouncing off the walls. His energy, it's just something that's contagious.

I think that's something he's passed down from that first meeting on to now. And just the energy and culture that he's brought and just the way he coaches and instills confidence in each one of us and the other coaching staff lets you play basketball, I mean, how you're supposed to play. We've all been playing since we were little.

And he makes it so that we're playing the game and not thinking. And basketball becomes a lot easier when you're out of your own head and you know your coach believes you and you know your teammates believe in you. And it's been a great year. The whole coaching staff has that mentality, but it starts with Coach Smith.

Q. Abel, could you tell us a little bit about how far you've come? You're a walk-on, weren't playing very much and you've become a starter, started pretty much the last half of the season.
ABEL PORTER: It's been an interesting journey. I had spotty minutes in the start of the season. And it's kind of been like that. This is my third year at Utah State. It's kind of been that roller coaster, not really knowing what to expect.

But Coach Smith did a great job of meeting with me knowing -- telling me that he has confidence in me and what he expected of me. And so I kind of just stuck with it, just the same as I always have.

And I'd like to say that a lot changed but really I think I just took advantage of the opportunities that were given to me. I prepared the same way for every single game, prepared the same way in practice, and luckily I got a couple of opportunities that kind of paved the way for me to start and for me to kind of get solid playing time.

And so it's been great. But I have to give credit to Coach Smith for just believing in me and giving me this opportunity.

Q. Neemi, could you talk a little bit about your basketball -- how you got interested in the game and if you had followed an NBA team, if any of them were a particular hero to you? Can you talk about your basketball heritage, how much you may have followed the NBA, whether you were interested in a particular player?
NEEMIAS QUETA: I grew up -- I never actually -- I grew playing basketball since then. I've always watched the NBA since I was, like, 14. And since then I watched it every year, every week, almost every day. I like a lot of players, especially big men that can do a lot of things.

I try to model my game like Anthony Davis, players like that. And it's hard, but I'm working on it.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Coach Craig Smith from Utah State.

Q. I asked the players, and I'll ask you, you've got a locker room with players from six different states and three different countries. So how much of that is choice, how much of that is chance? You're the coach, obviously first year. Some of it I'm sure you inherited. But just talk about that a little bit. Everybody talks about locker room culture and how important that is. So, have at it. Let us know what you've got.
COACH SMITH: Well, that's a great question. And it's something you think a decent amount about. But obviously it's my first year. I've been here for just short of a year now.

So at the end of the day, it doesn't matter where you're from, who you are; it matters what you're about and what kind of character you have and how are you going to represent. Recruiting is the lifeline of your program. And so you better recruit people first. So whether that's a young man from Utah or Oklahoma or Portugal -- we've got the Portuguese connection. We've got two of the three players in Division I basketball, we calm them the Wonder Twins, like the old "Wonder Twin powers, activate."

But at the end of the day you've got to be able to identify young men that can flourish in, for our case, in Cache Valley, in Logan, Utah, and that can flourish in your style of play. So our style of play is different than Program X. And so a guy like -- there's going to be guys that are going to be really set up for success in our program that might struggle in a different program.

That being said, there might be guys that flourish in a different program that might struggle in our program. And so as a coach you've got to really identify the types of players that are going to do well. It's easy to go spot a guy that can run fast, jump high, but that doesn't mean he's going to be a player for you.

So you've got to dig deeper. It's like Nick Saban said, you've got to peel the onion back seven layers. You go to the high school, you've got to ask the administrative assistant, what do you know about this kid? You've got to go ask the custodian, what do you know about this kid? Go ask the history teacher, what do you know about this guy? And pretty soon things start lining up.

And my first day on the job at Utah State, got hired on a Sunday. On Monday I met with the academic people. I met with the compliance people. I met with strength and conditioning coach. I met with our athletic trainer. And you can go right on down the line. Tell me about our team. Tell me about our program. Tell me about this individual, this guy, this guy. And you do that and pretty soon things start checking out.

And day two, and part of day one, met with each individual student-athlete. Tell me about the program. Tell me about academics. Tell me about strength and conditioning. So you do your homework.

And we've been so fortunate. I've been coaching -- I was just telling this young man to my right about I've been coaching for 23 years. And I've been very, very fortunate to be on very, very good teams. Coached a team that played in the national championship game. Been on teams that have struggled. Been on a couple of NCAA Tournament teams.

And I feel like the luckiest man on earth to be able to coach this team because going into the year we were one of the 50 youngest teams in the country. We dressed 12 guys and six of them are freshmen, including the one when we had the open walk-on tryouts, and he's one of the freshmen.

So to be able to have this group come together and do what we've done, it's been beyond magical to say the least. We were ranked number nine in the preseason polls and we're a No. 8 seed in the NCAA Tournament. It's pretty incredible.

Q. When you took this job, what type of player did you think Sam was? You've probably talked about it before, but for those who haven't seen him on a national stage like this, why has he been so successful in your system?
COACH SMITH: First of all, Sam is a young man of incredible character. And he's like the all-American type of kid. The country's going to see one of the best players in the country play tomorrow. Certainly getting ready -- when I was contacted about possibly applying for the job, obviously I was doing my research. And certainly Sam was a guy that really stood out.

Sam was the one guy in our program that had some accolades coming into the season. He was the third-team all-conference player last year. And certainly watching the video -- even though our style of play is totally different than the style of play last year, you could see, like, this kid, he's got great feel for the game. He understands the game. Incredibly unselfish.

And the common theme that everybody had said about Sam Merrill is all Sam cares about is winning. Doesn't care if he's an all-league player or how many shots he gets a night. Our first practice this summer, I said, Sam, if we're going to get to where we need to go, winning the Mountain West, we need you to be much more vocal.

The rest of the year -- literally the rest of the year -- he's the most vocal. He's so cerebral, so intelligent, we're very detailed with scouting reports. Sam knows not only what the guy he's guarding is going to do; he can do what the 5 man and the 4 man is going to do. He's yelling it out. He'll be guarding this guy and yelling back at Neemi, "Neemi, watch the duck in." Whatever it might be.

You get into the season -- it's just so obviously, early on in the year, because of our youth -- and we really struggled with the ball early, not because we had bad shooters. I think it was -- like a guy like Brock Miller is a freshman, so the speed of the game is going super fast for him. And once Christmas past he got in a groove where he started playing like a sophomore. The game slowed down.

And Sam would come up to me -- because he had to carry so much of the load -- he'd say, Coach, I think we need to run this to get Brock going, or we need to do this to get Diogo going. Or maybe a few more post touches for Neemi or whatever it might be.

He's so unselfish. And at the end of the day you think back to a game like New Mexico, where we controlled at New Mexico. We started off the league 1-2. We had won two in a row. So we were 3-2 in league play, and on the road to New Mexico. They come roaring back. That's one of the toughest places in the country to play.

We were down one and we hold it for a last shot. We were either going to win it or lose it. And we run a play for Sam and basically gets tripled team. And one guy drops off and he gets double teamed. And a lot of times the best scorer, no matter what, is just going to fire that shot up. And he makes the right play, the right read and delivers it over his shoulder to Abel Porter, who he had been playing with since fifth grade. And Abel makes a game-winning 3 with like .7 seconds to go.

And he's done that continually all year. Guys love playing with him. We're No. 9 in the country in assists on the year. 62 percent of our baskets are assisted, which is an incredibly high number. And it all starts when you have a guy like that that's so unselfish.

When your best player is your hardest worker, everybody falls in line. And I could talk another ten minutes on Sam if you want. But that about sums it up.

Q. I think I read where you guys, your roster has six or seven returned LDS, returned from LDS missions. How much is that in terms of maturity and the ability to trust that these guys know what they're doing?
COACH SMITH: Certainly it's been fantastic because all those guys are just incredible people, first and foremost. You know, obviously generally speaking, they're a couple years older. There's certainly a sense of maturity. Communication skills are tremendous.

But like anything, we have training table on campus. And so you get done with practice. Guys -- sometimes they don't want to go to training table. They want to go home and eat with their wife if they're -- there are guys that are married. So it's always different.

But it's been, I could go right down the line. Quinn Taylor, he's one of our two seniors. We always say he's like -- remember the old commercial, EF Hutton? When EF Hutton talks, people listen. That's Quinn Taylor. We call him the godfather or grandfather, either one suffices.

But his leadership skills have been impeccable. I know he was just up here earlier with Neemias Queta. So, Quinn, I don't know how many minutes he played last year, right around 20 a game. It's hard to keep him off the floor. He's so good that way.

But what he's done certainly for our team, because he's a guy that every single guy in our program has utmost respect for, no matter who you are, where you come from. And then he's just been like such a big brother to Neemias, just teaching him the in ands outs of the game, the ins and outs of the league and it's been incredible that way. Certainly it's nice to have.

Q. You mentioned you guys were picked to finish ninth in your league. What was your first impression, summer workouts when you got a glimpse of your team? What do you think your expectations were?
COACH SMITH: From the get-go the goal was to get to the NCAA Tournament and win when we get there. We wanted to get to the top of the -- Mountain West Conference champions. We have a plethora of young men from Utah. A guy like Sam, Brock, Abel Porter, grew up in the state of Utah where their dream was to play basketball at Utah State.

So inherently you have a ton of pride. Those guys grew up -- Sam talked about, after we won the conference tournament championship, about being at the game in 2011 when they cut down the nets. And he remembers it vividly. And so you have -- I remember that Monday when I met with all these people, I met with Sam's parents that night. And we were talking about the glory days.

And so it's always impossible until you make it possible. And there's a quote I remember: It's a funny thing about life, if you refuse to accept anything but their best, you very often get it. So we had high expectations from day one. And we talked about -- our guys started -- I suck with technology. Although I'm good with Twitter -- or like Bill Belichick said, Snapface and Instachat. I say that to the team all the time.

But our guys started their own -- I don't think I've ever shared this before, but our guys started their own, what do you call it, group text. That's what you call it? So I just figured how to do a group text. I knew how to do it; I didn't know how to name it. I did it with our staff in January. They're, like, wow, Coach, staff. That's great.

But on the top of it -- I think Sam started it -- and on the top, the name of the group text, is that what you say, the name of it, the title, was Mountain West champs. And so our guys, it was a very emotional win. We beat Boise State in overtime. We were fighting a lot of sickness that night. That was our fourth to last regular season game. Beat San Diego State at home.

Then everybody was talking about Nevada the next game, but we had to beat San Diego obviously to make that Nevada game mean something. Beat them, first time in Mountain West Conference history that we had been a part of that, we had beaten them.

Obviously beat Nevada. First time we beat a ranked opponent since 2007. Now everyone's talking about the hangover game. Are you going to have enough gas in the tank. All that stuff, because we had a quick turnaround at Colorado State. And Sam said something in the group text: Now it's here; let's give everything we've got and stay locked in, so we can get what we said from day one, in our group text, Mountain West Champ. So that was a pretty neat thing that way.

So our expectations, I've always believed as a person, as a coach, as a father, in anything you do in life, why would you ever put limitations on yourself? Like why would you ever limit yourself as a person in anything you're doing? Why would you ever put limits on yourself in your program?

And so our guys' buy-in from day one, I think what's helped us in a weird way -- we are one of the 50 youngest teams in the country -- our local guys have heard this over and over and over again, but we only had four guys in this program that ever played or averaged more than seven minutes a game. And so in some ways it hurts you because you lack some experience.

But I think in some ways it's helped us because we just have this youthful exuberance that we're going to conquer the world and nobody's going to tell us any different. And so just the chemistry we've had, the camaraderie, and the common goal has been incredible and that goes to these young men that were up here and obviously all the other guys in our program.

Q. Matisse Thybulle is one of the best defenders in the country and really unique in what he does. What are your impressions of him now that you've been looking at Washington?
COACH SMITH: I've had to take a lot of Advil over the last four days because he's a headache. I can't remember -- I think I heard this on a telecast -- but we use a ton of football and boxing analogies in everything we do. And he's almost like Deion Sanders in football. When Deion Sanders played, it was like he eliminated whatever side of the field. He's so instinctive, so quick twitch, so long, and his hands are just so fast, right?

And for a guy to average playing zone over three steals a game with two blocked shots a game is incredible. And he does it while staying disciplined. He's not just running all over the place gambling and out of position. So he dominates the game in such a different way that I'm not sure I've ever seen it from that respect.

So you gotta always account for where he's at. Their team forces 17.5 turnovers a game in the Pac-12. That's hard to do. And they're doing it mainly just in the half court. So he's certainly a monster part of it. But their whole team, Newell is player of the year for them. Dickerson was a first-team All-League kid last year in the Pac-12. And David Crisp has had a phenomenal season, senior year. I actually did a home visit with him and his parents when I was an assistant at Nebraska. His mom can really cook. It was incredible food. It was like wow.

Q. Tyler, what's the excitement level back home?
TYLER COOK: We're all super excited. It's a huge opportunity for us, something that we've been working towards since we ended our season last year. And so ever since we saw our name pop up on that screen, we've all just been excited to get to work.

And I feel like we've put forth a good effort in terms of preparing for this game. It's a huge stage for us all. We're just super excited and blessed to be in this position. And I think we'll take full advantage of it.

Q. Nicholas, do you feel like you've been given the attention you deserve with the season that you had, especially within the Big Ten?
NICHOLAS BAER: Yeah, absolutely. We never get too concerned about attention or anything like that. Obviously we have an opportunity to play in the NCAA Tournament. That's something that we're grateful for and really looking forward to this opportunity to play in Cincinnati and hope we'll be here for a while.

Q. It's Columbus, you knew that?
NICHOLAS BAER: I did know that.

Q. Jordan, your thoughts on what the team is doing right now, as far as what level you've been playing compared with the rest of the season?
JORDAN BOHANNON: I feel like we're really prepared to play at this level, knowing -- coming from the Big Ten Conference and the teams we've played against all year. We've played one of the hardest schedules in the country. For us to be able to get on this stage, I think our past will prepare us for these moments.

We've played at Madison Square Garden and big stages already. I know what we're capable of doing and I think we all have that same mindset.

Q. You mentioned that Big Ten schedule. It's particularly tough on the road. You feel like that eases once you get into a tournament setting where you have a neutral site like Columbus?
JORDAN BOHANNON: Definitely. Big Ten, we have eight teams in the NCAA Tournament this year. So that says a lot about what it's like day to day in the Big Ten. It's tough to even get a win at home against any Big Ten team.

So traveling and away games is going to prepare us for these neutral-site games. And I think our team's always done pretty well at neutral sites. We're really looking forward until tomorrow.

Q. Jordan, obviously besides this is a one-and-done situation, what is this week like compared to say a big week in January or February in the Big Ten? Can you feel a difference about what you guys are going about this week?
JORDAN BOHANNON: I think it's just all a culmination of our entire work we've put in since last April. It sucks, last year we had a season that no one expected even us, the work we've put in. We had a let-down. And we got to work last April.

So for us to have our name called last Sunday, it was really special, because we know how hard we worked to get to this point. And we're just trying to make the most of it.

Q. Tyler, how about for you, does this week feel different to you opposed to a random week in the regular season, and in what way?
TYLER COOK: Definitely. I think the energy has been different. We're in kind of unchartered territory for myself and Jordan at least. We haven't been to the tournament yet in our careers. And I speak for most of us when I say that, with the exception of Nicholas.

But it's just been very exciting for us. When Jordan said, when we saw or heard our name called on Sunday, we were all ecstatic. Once we got to work, it just really felt different than the regular season, which it is. So I think like the new energy that comes along with the postseason will serve us well.

Q. Tyler, from what you've seen from the UC defense, how does that compare to anything else you've seen or played against this season?
TYLER COOK: You know, they play a unique style of basketball. You don't see it too often. But just like we do in the regular season, we've got to watch film and scout and do the best that we can and trying to figure out what we can do to try to, I guess, lessen the impact what they do defensively.

So our coaches have done a great job kind of putting together a game plan for us. We watch a ton of film. Like I said, they've scouted to the best of their ability. So I feel like after today, heading into tomorrow morning we'll be prepared for them.

Q. Nick, I believe you're the only player on this roster that's been to the NCAA Tournament with Iowa. Just what do you remember from that experience? And also, do you buy into the fact that some people say to succeed in the tournament you have to have tournament experience? Do you buy that at all?
NICHOLAS BAER: I wouldn't say you necessarily have to have tournament experience. I know a lot of guys on this team it's the first time going to the NCAA Tournament. But I think there's certain things you need to be able to do in March that are going to be keys to succeed and to advance. And being able to execute, like, under pressure and being able to stick to your defensive rules, I think those are more important things than having the experience.

This is obviously a very unique atmosphere but at the same time a lot of these guys are preparing for this moment their whole lives, and that's why you come to Iowa and that's why you play at this level is to play on this platform.

Q. Tyler, I think I saw on an interview you did in the last few days sometime that you may have played with or against Jarron Cumberland in high school. Could you elaborate and share those memories?
TYLER COOK: We don't have like a super close relationship or anything like that. I met him in Chicago at the Nike Global games. I believe it was my junior year at high school. We played on the same team together. It was me, him, Myles, (indiscernible) Cassius, Nick Ward. He played well.

It was the first time I saw him play and first time I met him. And from then I knew he would be a really good player, which he is today. That's the first time I've seen him play.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Coach McCaffery, comments?

COACH MCCAFFERY: We're thrilled to have this opportunity. Proud of our team. Tremendous respect for Cincinnati and the job that Mick Cronin has done there and the success that that team had. We played a long, grueling, 20-game schedule in the Big Ten and accomplished a lot of great things. Proud of my guys and looking forward to playing tomorrow.

Q. Coach Cronin mentioned this week that you guys are friends off the court. I'm curious how that relationship started and what it's like.
COACH MCCAFFERY: It started many years ago before he even got into this business. I was at Notre Dame and he was a very young coach, and got to know him then and over the years obviously we crossed paths. But we spent a lot of time a few years ago at the Final Four when my son Patrick was sick. That was in 2013 when he was diagnosed with cancer.

We have a lot of mutual friends. We talk periodically and so we're on the road. We spend time together, go out to dinner, that type of thing. Just a coach that I have tremendous respect for -- how he does it. I think he is a guy that has great respect for the game and has had an interesting path to the success where he is. He grinded his way up. And that's kind of who he is.

So I would say he's a dear friend in this business and somebody that I have tremendous respect for.

Q. Is it easier or more difficult to prepare for a coach that you know that well?
COACH MCCAFFERY: I think it's about the same simply because we don't see a lot of teams in that league. We don't watch them as much. I kind of follow him because of my friendship with him and hope he does well. But it wasn't until now that we really studied his program.

I kind of know they defend, they rebound. They have a toughness about them that's somewhat unique. But I've been really impressed with how they share the basketball. Even with Cumberland shooting as many shots as he shoots, he gives it up easy. He has 123 assists.

So I think that's kind of the beauty of this tournament. You're playing teams that sort of know you but don't know you as well because we're grinding so hard with a 20-game Big Ten schedule.

Q. Obviously the kids are excited and probably nervous and butterflies. You've been doing this a long time. This isn't your first rodeo. Do you get nervous, amped up and nervous for this weekend?
COACH MCCAFFERY: I don't get nervous coaching the game. I've done it so many times. But I understand and appreciate that this is different. And it should be. It's a tremendous accomplishment. Everybody wants to do well.

Every coach, every player, every assistant coach who had that scout, you want to do the best you can. You want to help your team advance. We're all trying to do the same thing. So I'm understanding and respectful of that.

We'll do everything we can to stay positive, because when you get out there, the critical thing is going to be can you get to the next play, because somebody's going to miss a shot, somebody is going to make a mistake, turn it over, forget an assignment. You want that to be obviously limited and not be a trend. Once it happens once, twice, three times, that can't happen when you get here. So I think our guys are mature enough and intelligent enough to understand that and after what we've been through, get ready for it.

Q. Connor's had an interesting week. Just curious as his father and as his coach in basketball you've seen him juggle the baseball, basketball thing, and obviously it's got to be tough.
COACH MCCAFFERY: I was just incredibly impressed with him. We got up after we lost to Michigan on Friday night, and I didn't really know that he was going to jump in the car and head up and play on Saturday. We got back in time to see him. He played Saturday. Then he played a doubleheader Sunday. Then he played Tuesday.

He was at practice. He didn't miss any practices for us. And then to go 4-for-8 with two walks and two stolen bases and a couple of doubles, I was really impressed that he was able to do that. But probably more so that he was Academic All-Big Ten while doing all of that. So just couldn't be more proud of him.

And I remember, seems like yesterday that he was thrilled to be out there in the layup lines when we're warming up in Tampa, 2008, and now he's playing. So, it's really a proud moment.

Q. In your experience entering this tournament, is there any different way you have to approach it when you win a lot of games coming into the tournament or you're in a bit of a downspout coming in?
COACH MCCAFFERY: No, I don't think so. We've kind of done it both ways. I think you feel better if you came in riding a winning streak. A couple years ago I know we were 6-6, ended up 12-6 in the league and won our last six games in a row and felt really good.

But I think you look at the body of work and you consistently analyze where do we have to get better? If we didn't win, what could we have done differently? And then you're now shifting to a completely different team, from a different league. But your preparation is very similar, very business-like -- grind, watching film, get on the court in practice. This time of year I think if you're going two and a half hours in practice, you're crazy. So we scaled back practice time, make sure we have fresh legs, but at the same time focus on the interesting or specific things that we have to do for that game.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Jordan, there was a story circulating that you took an Uber to get here. Could you just go into detail about that whole experience?
JORDAN BURNS: That wasn't true at all. Fake news.

Q. You guys have obviously won a lot of games down the stretch. How important do you think it is having confidence going up against an opponent like Tennessee and just coming into this tournament in general?
JORDAN BURNS: I think it's a big key for us. The confidence is what keeps us going when we're on the court. In order to make shots and things like that, you have to be confident. I think it's a very big deal for us going into this game.

Q. Rap, talk about dealing with Grant Williams and what kind of player you think he is?
RAPOLAS IVANAUSKAS: Grant Williams is a fantastic player. We scouted him all week. Really strong guy, really great in the post, really good in the duck-in situations. It's going to be a tough situation it's not going to be just me and Dana or anyone else. It's going to be a team effort. He's an All-American and we have a lot of respect for him. And we can't wait to play him.

Q. Jordan, what's this week been like for you guys? And just how different is it than, say, a tough regular season stretch?
JORDAN BURNS: It's just been fun for us to be able to make the tournament. It's just really a blessing for us. We're having as much fun as we can on this trip while still trying to stay serious and really compete during the tournament. So it's just been really fun for us.

Q. How do you handle the nerves of this week and what's at stake?
WILL RAYMAN: Honestly, like, we're really just trying to play free. We know that we're a really good team and we're just trying to soak up the whole experience and play with as much confidence as possible.

Q. With what's at stake, how are you able to do the Jedi mind trick to make yourself feel that way?
WILL RAYMAN: I don't know. Just every day in practice we know the type of team that we are. Like, there's really nothing to be nervous about. We're playing in front of a bunch more people than we do at Cotterell Court, but for us it's the same for the team.

Q. Rap, I'm curious, what's it like to be here these last couple of days in Columbus? What's the experience been like, the magnitude?
RAPOLAS IVANAUSKAS: It's a surreal feeling. I can say it for all my teammates. Just being here, being somewhere close to home, too, so my family can come out. Just being in the hotel, seeing the Colgate logo and the March Madness logo, it's stuff you grew up with. You turn on CBS, see all the college games.

And it's awesome to be a part of it. Awesome and a blessing to be part of it. But now that we're here it's time to get down to business and we have work to do.

Q. I was on campus on Monday. And this is all everybody's talking about. What do you say to all your friends and classmates and teachers, people that will be watching from home?
RAPOLAS IVANAUSKAS: Just thank you. Thank you for my professors for letting me come here. But in all seriousness, thank you so much. We know we're going to get a lot of good viewership back home around that area. We've been supported. We've been understood.

And guys have really been -- even coming out here, we have a lot of football players coming out here to support us, just really, really thankful to them.

Q. Have you looked at 15 seeds from the past -- Florida Gulf Coast, Middle Tennessee -- have you looked at their storylines and kind of figured out what their secret was?
RAPOLAS IVANAUSKAS: Not necessarily looking in depth with it. But I know just looking at Middle Tennessee beating Michigan State and just great upset stories. And it all could happen.

Like Will said, we're playing free. We're not playing with nerves. We're really happy to be here, but we also know we earned our way here. It's not just a fluke that we're here. We know we deserve to be here too.

Q. Jordan, especially with Bone at the point, Tennessee likes to go fast and can speed it up. What's the key against that in trying to maybe slow them down?
JORDAN BURNS: Our coaches, they devised a good game plan for us. So basically we're going to go in there do what Coach says. There's nothing new for us. We're just going to go out there and play hard. They're another team just like us. So we're going to go out there and play hard and leave it all out on the court.

Q. Will, you're the elder statesman in this group as far as wearing a Colgate uniform. What's the difference and journey for you for the past few years to get to this point with this team?
WILL RAYMAN: I think it just shows that every single day since I was a freshmen, our whole team has been putting the work. We attracted players like Jordan and Rap who are really good players. And during league play we all started to come together and it's been fun to be part of that.

Q. Rap, you're the newcomer this year, the transfer that came in. How has it been fitting in with the team and how is it that you've helped them get to this point?
RAPOLAS IVANAUSKAS: It's a testament to Coach and these two guys here my teammates. I didn't know how I would fit in. People told me they needed me here and that I could contribute. But they took me in. They put their egos aside. They put their stats aside.

They were just, like, we just need to win. We want to win. We want to make the tournament. That's a testament to these two guys. They've been really humble and really kind in taking me in. So I'm really appreciative for them.

Q. Jordan, I know that as well as you all shoot the 3 ball as a team, there's also the turnover numbers kind of are what they are and they're pretty high. How paramount is it, how important is it to kind of keep the ball, to not let Tennessee get out and run by a team with that much athleticism? How important is it to kind of take care of the ball?
JORDAN BURNS: We've stressed that a lot in practice, the turnover margin and things like that. It's very important because they can get out and run and get a lot of easy points in transition and things like that. So basically what we're doing is just planning on running good offense, moving the ball, and making sure that whenever we're rebounding, things like that, we can get defensive rebounds and offensive rebounds at the same time so they can't get out on easy run-outs.

Q. Rap, you mentioned watching this tournament when you were a kid. Back then did you fill out brackets looking for the 15 seed or the Cinderella story? And what's it like being that team now?
RAPOLAS IVANAUSKAS: Yeah, no, 100 percent, it's unimaginable. I remember making all these brackets and always being around -- my little brother would always beat me. Just picking out random teams, he would always get all the upsets.

No, just being here -- obviously I didn't make a bracket -- but just being here, it's such a surreal experience, just being -- knowing that you've got other kids watching our games on national TV and other kids that are like me.

Q. Rap said he didn't make a bracket. Did either of you other guys make a bracket and did you pick yourself if you did?
WILL RAYMAN: No. I've just gotten a bunch of pictures, like, oh, Colgate, Sweet 16, blah, blah, blah. It's just really fun to see all my friend picking us.

JORDAN BURNS: Same with me. Didn't make a bracket, but I got two brothers. They both picked us to win the national championship. (Laughter). It's good.

Q. Following up on that, I'm sure you were all March Madness fans when you were kids. For each of you, what comes to mind? What's your favorite moment from watching this tournament?
WILL RAYMAN: My dad actually used to work for Newsday. I think the best part is just seeing our name everywhere, like, seeing Colgate everywhere, and just like trying to show as much exposure about Colgate because a lot of people don't even know that. I feel like that's the best part.

Q. When you were a kid?
WILL RAYMAN: When I was a kid? Just filling out the brackets. Looking at the newspaper, turning on SportsCenter. That's honestly the best thing.

JORDAN BURNS: For me, honestly I don't even remember a time when I was younger. I was really into football. So March Madness was just something I turned on the TV and watched, got to see on ESPN. Filled out a couple of brackets when I was younger, but that's about it for me.

RAPOLAS IVANAUSKAS: For me, I have -- definitely pretty memorable. My cousin played for Florida State when they won the ACC. So they went to the Big Dance a couple times, went to the Sweet 16, got knocked out by a good VCU team.

Watching him he was a big inspiration to me. Him playing, him playing well, winning the ACC it's just inspiration for me because the ACC is run by those two teams usually and they were the underdog that year.

Actually today is his birthday, so I'll give him a shoutout. Happy birthday, Deividas.

Q. What's his name?
RAPOLAS IVANAUSKAS: Deividas Dulkys.

Q. Jordan, when basketball became serious in your life you envisioned playing in the NCAA Tournament. Is it surreal a kid from San Antonio representing a school from small Hamilton, New York?
JORDAN BURNS: It's surreal still to this moment. Just growing up, when I decided to stop playing football in ninth grade and just decided to focus on basketball, thinking about making it to this moment was never really a thing. I never really thought I was even going to be able to have this experience, be able to be here with this wonderful group of guys with a great head coach and great assistant coaches and things like that. This is something I could have never envisioned. I'm blessed, really.

Q. Jordan, can you go back, you were asked originally about this Uber, can you elaborate on that. This was like a fake tweet? And what's the reaction since then?
JORDAN BURNS: I found out about it last night. My mother called me. And my mother called me she was, like, wow, I know if you would have missed this flight I know you would have picked up the phone and called me, right? I was, like, yeah, mom, I'm in the hotel and things like that.

I had a lot of little messages like, did you not make it? Like, wow, they left you? Really? Like, that's crazy. After everything you've done.

People are telling me all this stuff. It's funny. But it's just a fake tweet. It's really hysterical.

Q. Jordan, I know you all shoot the 3 ball at a pretty high clip and have most of the season, especially the past couple of months. And Tennessee, as good as it has been this season has sometimes been vulnerable from there. Is that something you feel you can take advantage of if you play your game?
JORDAN BURNS: Of course. I think everybody looking at this game says that if we can shoot the 3 ball well we'll have a good chance winning this game. That's our plan. We're planning on hitting shots. Planning on going and making the right shots.

So the 3 ball is going to be very important in this game and hopefully we can knock down and come out with a win.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. We'll start off with a general statement from Coach Langel about the status of his team and how he's feeling at this very exciting moment and then we'll take your questions.

COACH LANGEL: I think the last week-plus has been a really exciting time for us as I think back to when I was a first-time head coach eight years ago. I didn't necessarily think about winning championships, but what I wanted for the student-athletes that we were going to coach is to have a chance to have the experiences that I was able to have as a student-athlete.

And I think that this group has embraced that. They've built on the work that a lot of other guys have done over the last handful of years. And what they've been able to achieve this year for our school and our program is really significant. So I'm extremely proud of their efforts over the course of this season and the offseason.

And I know they're super excited to be here and for the opportunity that we have tomorrow afternoon.

THE MODERATOR: Questions?

Q. Obviously the players are going to be nervous and amped and butterflies and all that. But how about you as a coach, how do you deal with it and how do you keep your focus on the biggest game of your season?
COACH LANGEL: For me, I don't really look at it like the biggest game of our season. For me that -- the last eight regular season games, if we were going to have a chance to do what the group set out to do, be regular season champions, we were going to have to win them all.

And obviously to get to this stage, to win three games in whatever it was eight or nine or 10 days, I think those games are the ones that you really concern yourself with as a coach. Are we doing everything we can to prepare? Are you, in game, making the adjustments you need to?

Here, for this game, I don't think there's many people out there who are expecting us to win. So in so many ways the pressure is off. I think what we're trying to do as a coaching staff is we have the good fortune of having been in our players' sneakers before. So just trying to share with them.

There's going to be some nervous. There's absolutely some excitement. When the ball goes up, it's a game, it's just a basketball game. So all this stuff that is new for them, hopefully, will settle down early in the game and play the way we've played all season and give ourselves a chance to be really competitive.

Q. Coach, for a lot of fans and young players, tomorrow will be the first time they see Colgate play on the national stage like this. What kind of feel do you want them to take away from the game after watching Colgate play? What do you want them to know about Colgate basketball after watching a game like this?
COACH LANGEL: I hope that we're able to play the way we've played all season. For me that's a group that really helps one another all the time. Again, their belief in themselves as individuals and the group as a whole is significant for me.

I think on the offensive end -- and that's been our better side of the ball all year -- is that we really share the ball. That we've got a number of guys who are threats to make individual plays, but that we're at our best when the ball's moving and we're sharing the basketball inside and out. And so I think that that's what I'm hopeful that our guys are able to do tomorrow afternoon for everybody watching.

Q. We're going to do an interview with Pat Moore in a little bit. A kid from Utica, went to Colgate, an alum, now coaching. What do you have to say about your assistant coach?
COACH LANGEL: I'm thrilled to have him as part of our coaching staff. It was a joy to coach him as a player, again. When you inherit a roster you didn't recruit any of those guys, no matter where you are. And from day one Patrick did everything possible to help build the program that we were trying to build.

So for me, a big part of building a program was to try and find some continuity, some continuity through the years, because I was fortunate enough to play and then coach at two programs, Penn and Temple, with great history and tradition. And a huge part of that experience for me was generational -- that guys from the past were still a part of the program.

So to have Pat now as part of our staff, I think it's evidence that that exists for Colgate basketball and I'm really proud of that.

Q. Have you looked at any other 15 seeds in tournament history -- Florida Gulf Coast, Middle Tennessee -- Cinderella stories in the past for your own preparation or have you discussed it with your players?
COACH LANGEL: No. To be honest, I mean, I did go back and watch the Loyola Chicago game against Tennessee from last year as well as other games. We don't resemble many SEC teams. So as you try and find some ways to be competitive against a team like Tennessee, you do try and find some common games, some teams that maybe you can identify with how they play, how they manage the game, how they were able to stay competitive.

But I haven't gone back into the history. I mean, I remember watching them as a kid, but I haven't gone back to study them in our preparation.

Q. And I guess my last question is I was on campus on Monday and I asked this of your players. This is what everyone's talking about on campus. What do you say to the campus community watching at home?
COACH LANGEL: I'm really thankful. I'm thankful for everything they've done for us, especially in that tournament run. Our students were all on spring break, the community came out, the campus community, the local Hamilton community.

For me it's what's really special about March Madness is that you're able to, when you're able to get here, so many people are excited for you and are able to join in the process. So to everybody back home, certainly thankful for everything they've done.

Q. When you look at a team like Tennessee, obviously without divulging your game plan, I'm sure you have no desire to do that, but how do you weigh doing maybe what it is you all do that got you all here versus trying to maybe control tempo or do something to get them out of their game, because you look at the stats and you all seem to put the ball in the bucket, too. I'm guessing you wouldn't want to get out of your element and doing what you don't do normally?
COACH LANGEL: Yeah, my son's nine years old, and he's a basketball junkie. He's watching the ACC Tournament, the SEC Tournament, all the possible teams that we could play. And after Tennessee lost, he said, dad, we might play Tennessee here's what we should do. Don't let any of their three leading scorers ever touch the ball and we'll be good. So for everybody out there, that's our game plan. (Laughter).

I think your point is dead accurate. We've been at our best in transition. But if you try and go up and down and play transition basketball with a team of their caliber, you're running a big risk. So I think we've got to manage the game.

When we haven't done well, it's kind of like when Tennessee hasn't done well, they lost the championship game, they turned it over, needlessly you could say, a number of times. Some of the bigger games we played -- not that Penn State, Syracuse, some of those games, not that they're quite the caliber of Tennessee -- but we've turned the ball over.

So you've got to manage the game. You've got to play within yourself, but while also doing what you've done all year long to have that success. So a couple little wrinkles here and there on both ends to try and help the guys with what Tennessee will be. But for the most part you've got to try and go be who you are and play the best that you've played all year.

Q. When you look at last year around this time, you all made a pretty good run in the postseason. Ran into Bucknell at the end there. When did you know this team this season could be different? When did you know this group of guys here could kind of reach this moment?
COACH LANGEL: I felt really good about the roster that we were going to return. We were able to recruit Rapolas as a transfer in the spring. There was some conversation that we didn't know which direction it would go as far as him gaining immediate eligibility.

Even without him I felt we could compete for a championship in our league. And when we did find out early in the season, that first game day, that he would be eligible after having him in practice and working with him, I thought we had a team of really legitimate size, not just for the Patriot League but for any league. And I liked our skill and I liked our pieces.

But you never know. You never know how a season is going to go, how that group is going to come together. Tucker Richardson is a freshman. We thought he'd really be good, but how he's able to handle himself with the other guys and handle the game and grow up as a player and within the team, you never know as a coach how those things are going to go.

But going back to last season I felt really good about the team we would have coming back.

Q. All three of your players said part of the joy for them growing up watching this tournament was the Cinderella or finding the Colgate that could shock the bracket or shock the world. You've been there as a player before. Is there any lesson you take from kind of being that team and what it's like when the crowd gets behind you that you share with them or try to help them out tomorrow?
COACH LANGEL: Amongst other things, I think it's what makes March Madness so special is that literally everybody stops what they're doing and turns on the TV or has it on the Internet to see who's doing well. And it can be a contagious thing.

So we certainly -- I wasn't able to be a part of a team that won as an underdog. We certainly fought hard and that's something that we've talked to our guys about, some of the things that we learned as student-athletes, the guys on our staff who were able to do that. But I do think that's something that's an exciting part of the year.

So when you're in their spot, they're dreaming about being one of those teams, and you certainly try and channel that energy to play the best you can.

Q. All three of them also said they did not fill out a bracket, but a lot of their friends had Colgate advancing. Did you or did you leave that to your son?
COACH LANGEL: Someone told me we're in the Southern region. I had no idea. Once our name was announced, it was -- I knew who we were playing; I knew the other teams that would be here. I couldn't even tell you all the teams that are still playing and who they're playing against or any of those things.

I'm sure my son, Luke, filled out his bracket and hopefully he has Colgate winning at least a game or two. But it's a fun time of the year for a lot of people. As a coach, you're just trying, again, to do the best you can to help your guys perform at their optimal level.

Q. You left no stone unturned in recruiting players to your program. Obviously the recruiting footprint is bigger in Knoxville than Hamilton, but in a lot of ways Tennessee is unheralded, under-recruited, three-star-or-below guys. Do you share any commonality with Coach Barnes in that aspect trying to sell players to your program?
COACH LANGEL: As I've studied this Tennessee team and talked to people across the country, if I could share any common traits with Coach Barnes as a basketball coach, I would be really proud.

I think that the coach that he is, the job that he's done, not just at Tennessee but everywhere he's been, is absolutely a footprint that I would like to follow in.

This group of Tennessee guys, they're a throw-back group. In today's day and age, with all the analytics and everybody's 3 and D, and, like, they just play really good basketball. They don't turn it over. I think they have the top two guys assist-to-turnover in the entire SEC on one team. Like that unheard of.

They're so good at getting into the paint. And again they have such a good record because they don't ever beat themselves hardly.

So the recruiting part of it, yeah, we've had to recruit a lot of guys who didn't have a lot of other opportunities, just like maybe Tennessee doesn't have a roster full of McDonald's All-Americans but yet is beating teams with them.

So in that way, I do think you're right that we have to find other ways to build our programs. And we're certainly really proud of that.

Q. You mentioned drawing on your experience. I'm curious when you think back to the starts of those games you played, what were you feeling like and was there anything that helped you settle in?
COACH LANGEL: Yeah, you're nervous; you're excited. There's a sense of energy. Again, our guys don't experience these things, press conferences with their names in front of them and this size of arena and all the things that go into the NCAA Tournament.

So you're balancing enjoying the moment with getting yourself ready to play the best you've ever played. Seeing the ball go through the hoop helped me immeasurably. I remember we played Florida in Key Arena in Seattle and we were able to make a couple shots early in the game. And I think there's nothing more that helps a team better than seeing the ball go through the hoop. Hopefully that can happen for us tomorrow afternoon.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.

Q. Matisse and Jaylen, after taking a look at Sam Merrill on tape or sort of as you guys get into Utah State a bit, what jumps out at you about, first, Sam and then how they run their offense?
MATISSE THYBULLE: First thing for me is firstly how talented he is as a scorer and just how he does it so effortlessly. He's able to put up big numbers and it's not by forcing things or taking bad shots. He's a great team player.

And also to add on to that their team as a whole plays really well together. And it's cool to see, but, yeah, they play well together and they have a great leader in Sam and a great scorer with him as well.

JAYLEN NOWELL: He really moves the ball very well. He doesn't really force a lot of shots. That's something you really need as a leader. He's been having a great year and he's a really good player. He's been leading that team very well this whole year.

Q. Matisse, just how have you guys gone about shaking off the loss in the conference tournament and then entering March where a lot of teams come in really hot?
MATISSE THYBULLE: I mean, it's always the next game. Win or loss, you can't dwell on it. For us we moved on the second we got off the bus and we're excited to be here and have this opportunity to play in March Madness.

Q. It's been since 2011, I believe, since Washington's been back to the tournament. You guys were in late elementary school, middle school maybe then. Do either of you guys have any memory of that? And then your thoughts about being the ones to get Washington back here?
JAYLEN NOWELL: I do not remember that. 2011, I was probably 10 years old. Probably somewhere in my backyard maybe, shooting. I don't know what I was doing. Do you remember?

MATISSE THYBULLE: No. I think for me and I know for Jaylen as well, it's really exciting to be able to bring U-Dub back to this stage because I know that Husky basketball has been known as a great program. And they went through a stretch they were able to get out, play in March Madness for a little while and it's been too long. And we're just really happy to be able to bring us back.

Q. What's your campus experience been like since Sunday? Obviously there's a high level of excitement among the other students who are on campus, and you guys are heroes for at least a few days, and hopefully more.
MATISSE THYBULLE: It's been cool just to see over the course of the year just how people have just banned together and supporting us, whether it's been from professors to students to staff members. And it's been really cool to see how people are getting excited again about our basketball team.

Q. Matisse, what's the biggest difference you've seen from Jaylen when he was a freshman coming in this season? What's the biggest development you've seen in his game?
MATISSE THYBULLE: That's a tough one. We've talked about it a little bit. When Jaylen got to U-Dub, he was just a killer. He knew how to score. So his freshman year was a lot of that. You saw that with his first game. Who comes out in their college debut and scores 30 points? That's insane.

And I think his biggest development is just being -- he's become a greater, like a well-rounded player. He thinks the game at a way higher level. He makes everyone around him a lot better now. Just to be able to see how far he's come from that first year in just one year really has been really impressive.

Q. I wanted to ask about Mike Hopkins. What have you seen him do in the last two years to start -- maybe set his culture with the program? And he just got signed to an extension. Where do you see that development potentially going?
JAYLEN NOWELL: Well, first, I would love to say Coach Hopkins has been one of the best coaches I could ever ask for. And when he comes in day in and day out, he works very hard on everything. He loves all of us. We love him. And we just love coming in and working hard for him.

And the first year was exciting. For him to come in and especially this year with just the energy he gives us, he brings us all as a team, brings us together even more as a family. That's really one thing that he really harps on is that we're all family and that's what we've all been.

Q. What's been your experience like, Matisse, with Hopkins? Projecting forward maybe a little bit, where do you see maybe that culture and the growth continuing to go?
MATISSE THYBULLE: It's been good. We were joking about walking in here, about how he's a player's coach. I think that's a huge thing. I think going forward his ability to build relationships with his guys -- we've only been with him for two years. But the guys to start off with him to see how their relationships grow, going into their third and fourth years. And just to be able to use that as a recruiting point going forward because we all know we love him. And it's becoming more and more known throughout the country he's a great guy and a better coach. And the family he's created at U-Dub has been great and we can't wait to see where it goes from here.

Q. He's got a ton of NCAA Tournament experience. What has that messaging been like from him? And you mentioned him being a player's coach. From the experience perspective, like, how has he messaged to you guys in Columbus?
MATISSE THYBULLE: I think it's exciting to have a coach -- and I think more importantly our coaching staff has a lot of experience in the tournament and has had a lot of success. And being with people who have been here and done that at the highest level, it's pretty special, because none of us players have been able to play at this level.

And to have that comforting force in our coach and our coaching staff, knowing that they know what it's like, what to expect is pretty reassuring and, like I said, comforting to have.

Q. Matisse, Utah State's coach compared you to Deion Sanders and how you cover the court. I'm wondering what is it about this defense that's allowed certain things in your game or just natural things you have to blossom the way it has?
MATISSE THYBULLE: These guys. I mean, seriously, we play zone and these guys load up the backside, so I'm able to go and make plays and try and chase the ball around a little bit. And that's been, that's huge for me because just trying to be disruptive, I have to be able to go and get out and gamble sometimes and kind of put our team in some tough situations. And they do an incredible job having my back.

And honestly they make great plays out of that. So I think from my own personal success a lot had to do with, one, Coach Hop, and, two, the four guys I have on my back at all times.

Q. When you were growing up, is that the style you had or is that something you grew into when your body grew?
MATISSE THYBULLE: Whenever my teams would press, they would throw me in the middle of the zone and I would pick off as many passes as possible.

Q. You really were Deion?
COACH HOPKINS: Never played football.

Q. What is the goofiest thing Hop as done hop, whether practice, on the bus or team meal, whatever?
JAYLEN NOWELL: That's a good question. There's so many highlights with this man.

THE MODERATOR: Feel free to protect your playing time at this point. (Laughter).

JAYLEN NOWELL: I don't know. That's a tough question. I could think of plenty.

MATISSE THYBULLE: He has -- sometimes he'll go on his little tangents, rants, and he'll start reenacting what us players did on the court and just kind of making fun of us. One time he was frustrated at one of our guys because he grabbed on the rim and got an offensive interference.

And he was re-enacting that play in our film room. And like he jumped up and punched one of the little ceiling panels and like shifted it so there was like a hole, and it didn't get fixed for weeks. That was pretty funny.

JAYLEN NOWELL: I've got one. We have this little bat that symbolizes our "Tougher Together" saying. So like sometimes he'll get kind of angry and he'll kind of pull it out, kind of point at us, like tell us everything we're doing wrong.

And one day he kind of pointed at us and held it up like this, so everybody's kind of thinking, oh, he's about to hit somebody. But he kind of just put it up and just walked out the room and didn't say nothing. And we're all like looking around like, okay, what is he about to do? Is he about to go break something in our locker room or is he about to come back and really start swinging on us? So that's one. That was one that I could actually -- crazy.

Q. Didn't swing on anybody?
JAYLEN NOWELL: No, he didn't swing on nobody.

MATISSE THYBULLE: One thing he does a lot -- we don't think about it anymore -- he'll just drop and do push-ups for no reason. He'll just get really excited and start doing push-ups.

He's done it in press conferences. I think the first one in U-Dub, he dropped down and did a couple. Push-ups are his thing.

Q. Is there anyone on your team or their team, is there an X factor in this game? Maybe somebody who isn't getting, who isn't on this podium who isn't getting a lot of attention but could be a big difference in this game?
MATISSE THYBULLE: I don't know. For us it's kind of -- we're pretty special in the way it could be any guy for any game. And we've shown that like throughout the season it doesn't really matter. We have guys who step up coming off the bench. We have starters who step up who usually don't score that much. I think that makes us a pretty special team because it can come from anyone at any night.

And as for Utah State, they have a lot of guys who aren't very well known. And if you look at the numbers, they have some really, really talented guys. And I don't think that a lot of people across the country know much about them. But I know they'll start hearing about their names coming up soon. And I think that us respecting the scout and just being aware of our coverages will help us a lot because they've got some firepower that just isn't talked about much.

JAYLEN NOWELL: Like T said, we have a team that really has a lot of guys that can be on any given night. So everybody's going to come out and play hard and that's one thing that we really take pride in.

And for the other team they have a lot of guys as well. They're not as known. But they won the championship for a reason. And they're a really good team.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Coach, your thoughts.

COACH HOPKINS: Just so blessed and grateful to have the opportunity to be in the NCAA Tournament. The last two years have been an incredible journey with our seniors sticking with the program and really working hard and having a really good year and getting an opportunity to play for a national championship. It's really, really special.

It's one of those feelings that not only now but for the future you want to have for the rest of your life.

Q. Matisse and Jaylen mentioned you've done push-ups at press conferences, so we'll leave it up to you when we finish up with questions. Just how important or maybe even awkward was it to get your contract done during the season before the NCAA Tournament, maybe to get that out of the way? Was the timing great or was this kind of --
COACH HOPKINS: For me it's a simple -- I've always believed in surrounding yourself with great people. And I have at the University of Washington. I'm excited to be there for a long time. But this is all about the kids. This is the experience for the kids to have an opportunity to hopefully finish out what has been a successful season. It's not about me. It never has been. And next question.

Q. Do you think this sends some type of a message as to the school's commitment to you and then your commitment to the school?
COACH HOPKINS: Like I said, surround yourself with great people, and I'm with an incredible university, and I love the kids that I coach. And just really blessed and lucky to be there, to be the head coach.

Q. It's been eight years, I believe, since Washington's been to the tournament. Can you talk about what that means to you and your players to be the ones to bring the team back here and how important that was when you were back on campus and that sort of thing?
COACH HOPKINS: I think I really believe in like the score takes care of itself. And what does that mean? It means you surround yourself with great people. I've got an incredible staff. And you just try to get better every day.

And you never know, people that ask me, is the speed of where you're at right now, does that matter? Did you think it would be this fast? To be honest with you, you just focus on how we're going to get better.

And so to see these guys grow, especially the seniors, and our young guys, and to keep getting better and to keep getting better, you never think about it was eight years in the NCAA Tournament. Your goal is to get an opportunity to play in the NCAA Tournament because your ultimate goal is a chance to win the national championship. That's what March Madness is all about.

So for me to have been a part of a whole group to get them to get that opportunity and to feel that is really, really special.

Q. You've been to 18 tournaments, I think, as an assistant coach. Is it different as the head coach, finally, especially since you were going to be the head coach-designate at Syracuse?
COACH HOPKINS: I don't think it's different. The feeling -- Cam Dollar was a national champion at UCLA. Dave Rice was a national champion at UNLV. So our staff experienced it, and what you're trying to do is to lead these young men to understanding what it takes to be successful and have a chance to be in this tournament, and to see them walk in that locker room and seeing "Washington" and seeing their name tag, and watching the tournament today, which I think today and tomorrow are the greatest day in sport. And to be a part of that, it's special.

The one thing I've learned about being successful in the tournament is it's special, it's great. But nothing changes. We talked about don't eat the cheese. It's about focusing in and there's one truth: To win the game, you've got to go out and execute your game plan. You've got to do it together. And when we've done that we've been a successful team this season.

Q. Curious, has there been any kind of messaging with people from Syracuse, with Jim; and if so, what have those interactions been like? And any thought you might have matched up with them going into this?
COACH HOPKINS: You know what, obviously Syracuse raised me. It was a huge part of my life. I know Coach Boeheim as well as I think anybody in the business. And I know he's proud watching. But I also know he's preparing his team just like we are. And I'm sure after the season we'll get together and review the season and try to get better. But not a lot of communication other than I know he's rooting for us and I know we're rooting for them.

Q. Curious about how much you know about Utah State and maybe some of the concerns you have facing Utah State.
COACH HOPKINS: I think a lot of concerns, they're a heck of a team. Sam Merrill is one of the best players that nobody knows about around the country. We're talking about a guy who has got double the assists of anybody on their team. He's the combo guard. And you're talking about a guy who averages over 20 points a game. He goes to the foul line. He's a great shooter.

But not only that, if he's not open, he shares it. And there's not too many players like that in the country. Neemias Queta, a guy almost averages close to a double-double and averaging three shot blocks a game. I remember hearing about him in the middle of the year. They were talking about this great center at Utah State. Where did he come from? Who recruited him? Who did this?

And obviously Craig Smith, he's done a tremendous job. That league is very, very good. And to be able to win the way they did is a credit to them. And it's going to be a heck of a challenge. And they pose a lot of challenges.

Q. Is there an additional challenge for you being so west and coming into the Midwest from just a time adjustment?
COACH HOPKINS: No. I think these kids, they go to bed late. They've been studying. We've had finals. These guys, just to have the opportunity to be here and to play in such an incredible tournament and to play against the best competition in the country, that's what you're trying to do and we have that opportunity.

Q. You've said a little bit about the contract situation. But aside from surrounding yourself with good people and trying to get the players better, what about this is gratifying to you from a standpoint of being a career-long assistant at Syracuse and then making the statement with this team these last two years; it's got to be a great degree of satisfaction for you personally?
COACH HOPKINS: I think at the end of the day there's no question. It's all about you're leading a bunch of young men and a staff to win. And to learn what it takes to be successful in life. And they go hand in hand.

And we've learned how to win. We've played together. We've played as a unit. We've played for something greater than ourselves. Everybody sacrificed a little of each other to have this successful season. And that's the type of culture we're trying to create. So to see that and what you're selling every day on a day-to-day basis and hammering and hammering it into these kids and then seeing it work and them seeing it work and having success, that's what it's all about. And just so proud of our guys.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.


Q. Cane, how do you handle the excitement this week and the nerves? And what's your secret to get through a week that's bigger than any other week you're dealing with in the season to this point?
CANE BROOME: I think it's just wanting to play, keep playing. That's what we keep in mind. It's not just about this week. We're trying to further our season. So that's what we keep in mind every day. We said today in practice, we didn't just came here to play one game, so that's how we stay on track and not get too excited, try to win a tournament.

Q. How do you avoid the distractions that obviously come with a week like this with all the chatter out there?
JUSTIN JENIFER: Just staying focused, not worrying about things we see on social media and all the stuff we see every day and things that people talk about, just making sure we stay focused and we stay as a team.

Q. How hard is it to do that?
JUSTIN JENIFER: It's very hard, but at the end of the day when you've got big goals and big dreams to conquer and to get to, that's what it comes down to.

Q. Trevon, a lot of people around this area maybe haven't seen you guys play since that first game. In what areas do you think you guys have grown most since the beginning of the season, that opener?
TREVON SCOTT: We've grown in all areas, in all aspects from the first time we played Ohio State. We made a lot of changes, individually and as a team. But in every area you can think of in basketball as a team, we've grown in those areas.

Q. Trevon, having a tournament like you did in Memphis and making the all-tournament team, what does it do for your confidence and what does it say for your development this season?
TREVON SCOTT: It's most definitely a confidence booster. I've got to keep my head focussed, just keep the same focus I had while I was in Memphis, playing hard and playing confident.

A lot of the stuff I did in Memphis, it was from constant, like, reps I did over the summer and throughout the season. And I mean I just gotta keep doing what I was doing, just keep staying focused, focused on important things and let the distractions go and just stay confident and I'll be fine.

Q. Cane, you and Justin had a difficult senior day just as a team and everything. Did you guys get together after that game, because obviously things have gone pretty well since then? Did you get together after that game and say let's keep our senior day going?
CANE BROOME: Yes, it was a tough day, but everybody has tough days. I'm pretty sure you guys have a tough day in the office. So we just had to come back to the drawing board and we had better goals in mind. We didn't win that championship but we knew we wanted to win another one.

So Coach got on us about it and told us what we needed to do to fix ourselves and told us that we would see them again in the championship. So we just worked our way to that and tried to take it game by game. And once we got there we just, as a team, stayed focused and mentally locked in. That was the big change after that game, was just our mental focus.

JUSTIN JENIFER: To piggyback on what he said, just after that game, it was a rough day. We had that day. We can't just dwell on that game. We had other games we had to prepare for and the conference tournament was coming up. So we know that was a big stage for us, coming from our senior night not having, like you said, a good game. So we had a bigger goal to get and we conquered it.

Q. Justin, coming into your senior campaign, March Madness, looking at your first competitor here, Iowa, hopefully the first of many, looking at the Iowa Hawkeyes, how do you match up against their back court?
JUSTIN JENIFER: Following the scouting report. We always go in and come together as a team, and we follow the scouting report. We feel if we follow the scouting report and have Bearcat toughness, we can get the win. That's what we did when we played Houston. If we play just like we did against Houston and we keep that going, we can't be stopped.

Q. Trevon, seems like down the stretch you've really picked up your game, attacking the forwards and all that. I don't know, anything particularly clicked for you or a sense of urgency. You're a junior, it's not like you're getting old?
TREVON SCOTT: Honestly, I just want to win, for real. I just want to win. And I know doing things like that will, especially rebounding will help us win and elevate our team. Like, me scoring will open up the floor for these guys also.

So I was just trying to stay aggressive offensively and showing what I can do. And also I like playing with Justin and Cane. This is their last year. So, like, whatever I have to do to keep our season alive, so I can continue to play with these point guards I'm going to do.

Q. Did Jarron express his disappointment about not coming out to the table with you guys?
TREVON SCOTT: Nah.

Q. Cane, talked about how hard it is winning here, compared to playing at Sacred Heart. Three years in a row that you guys got to the tournament; these guys it's been four years. Has it gotten harder or easier, are you more appreciative after all these years or does it become more routine?
CANE BROOME: It's inward pressure we've been putting on ourselves. Obviously the last nine years we've got here in a row. It's more pressure now that we want to further our status here. The last few years has been rough, coming out of the second round.

So I think that's more so our pressure we've been putting on each other -- let's be that team that make it. Coach has been telling us why can't you guys be those guys that further it, especially me and Justin. We talked about it yesterday. And I think that's more so what it is than actual pressure than being at the tournament.

Q. Cane, there's a lot of talk, just in March Madness you need elite players to go on deep runs. What makes a player like Jarron so invaluable this time of year?
CANE BROOME: I think personally the way he gets fouled. Obviously it's big-time games, the refs will be on their whistles. He has a knack for getting fouled. He's aggressive, whether he's making shots or not. That will be huge in this tournament.

And I think he's one of the best players in this country at getting fouled. And that in itself is going to help us in these games.

Q. Justin, just what type of atmosphere or crowd are you expecting being kind of close to home?
JUSTIN JENIFER: It's the same. Basically like a home game. We call it -- when they say, we was in Columbus we called it backyard basketball. Just having all the fans wanting to come and support us is going to be a great atmosphere, great energy for the game.

Q. A little bit of a national question here. How do you guys -- how did you guys handle your freshman-sophomore years in particular when it came to seeing what's going on around the country in terms of transferring? Am I going to stick this out? Do I need to look around? Did you look around? What got you to not do what so many other of your peers are doing and stay? And what did you see that made you want to stay as opposed to go? Did you even think of going?
CANE BROOME: I'm one of those guys. I can't really answer that question.

JUSTIN JENIFER: Just trusting the process. Even though you come in as a freshman, you come in thinking you can play all these minutes and stuff like that. It don't happen that way. But, you know, sometimes you've got to look at it and look in the mirror sometimes and know that it's you; that you've got to work harder and go and step your game up, and looking at the older guys, seeing what you need to do to go ahead and get better. So staying here I feel as though was the best decision for me.

Q. Can you talk about why you did it?
CANE BROOME: Mine is different reasons. Like I had an interview with Justin earlier this week. And as a kid I wanted to play tournaments like this. What you see on TV. I was at a great institution, just a lower level. And I just seen the opportunity to come be a part of something bigger than myself.

And I just wanted to take that opportunity and do so. And I don't regret it because I'm here with my brothers right now. And I think, to piggyback on what Justin said, I haven't been here four years, but I had ups and downs here. But I think more so as a brotherhood here, even with the coaches it's like a brotherhood. We all stick together through tough times. And I think that's the reason why Justin stayed, too. He made friendships here. And it's bonds you don't want to break, whether you're playing or not. Like it's a bond you don't want to break.

TREVON SCOTT: I guess I'll say I didn't transfer. But did I have those thoughts? I mean, at times I did. Especially coming in as a freshman expecting to play, coming from high school, being the man on your team and coming here. I redshirted. It was tough. But I didn't give up.

I just thought about the players who did that before me and is successful -- especially from the UC program. Like Sean Kilpatrick, he was someone who I kind of like -- I'm not going to say I looked up to -- but he was in the same situation as me. And, I mean, he was successful. He redshirted. He was successful. He went through hard times.

And I'm like why can't I stick it out and go through hard times, make something of it. And like they say, the friendships we made, the bonds we made with each other and the program, like the history, it's like coming from where I'm from -- UC is a historic program, a lot of great players come from there. So I told myself I want to -- why can't I be another good player who gets through this hard time and be successful.

So I stuck it out. I wanted to stick it out with my brothers, and I wanted to be successful. And it got me here to this point talking on the stage with these guys and talking in front of you.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. Coach, an opening statement.

COACH CRONIN: Well, it's been obviously a whirlwind week for us, winning our conference title Sunday and trying to put that to bed, get the guys refocused for this week. But we're obviously excited to be here. This is what it's all about. It's why we play the regular seasons, why we play our conference tournament, to get a chance to be on the big stage.

Every kid growing up who plays basketball dreams of playing in this tournament. So we don't take it for granted. Try to make sure our guys enjoy it and embrace it and, most importantly, get ready to play tomorrow. So we're extremely excited to be here.

Q. How long was the bus ride? And how surprised were you to see or did you think it was possible that you would be here in Columbus?
COACH CRONIN: Bus ride was a little longer than usually takes me to drive it in my car. My last trip was -- downtown's really nice. My daughter plays club volleyball. So that's an all-day event. If anybody doesn't have a daughter that plays club volleyball, it's an all-day event.

I've walked around, beautiful day in May. It was at the convention center so I got to see downtown. To be honest, my father is in charge of all that stuff. I didn't even know Columbus was a site. Glad to be here.

I also don't know what region we're in. I know we play Iowa and I know Tennessee plays Colgate. And I mean that. We've been really busy the last couple of weeks. And like I said, right now my daughter is in club volleyball and we've got a lot going on. But Columbus is a great city. We're happy to be here.

Q. How do you control the distractions? Obviously there's a lot that goes on in this week. And how do you keep things -- I'm sure you want to keep things as normal as possible. But how do you go about doing that?
COACH CRONIN: I think it's a great point. I think that you've got to realize there's a game at 12:00 Friday and that's really what matters. And you've got to have your mind on that.

So Coach Knight said a long time ago, the mental is 4-to-1 to the physical. If you don't have your mind in the right place, you're not going to be at your best. And you're going to have to be at your best. Anybody can win games in this tournament. Everybody -- obviously we play Iowa. Fran's a good coach, a good friend of mine. They've got a great team.

We talk about it a lot. You that hope your veteran guys understand that. We've been through some distracting things this year with the opening of our arena. The Crosstown Shootout is always a distractive situation with all the talk that goes around it. So hopefully our guys will be able to be focused.

Q. At this point do you still get nervous yourself? And how do you temper that and handle that?
COACH CRONIN: I don't know if -- I wouldn't say nervous; I would say excited. If you're not excited to do what you do, I think no matter if you're a basketball coach or you're reporting at USA Today, you probably need to try to change your job. Because you only live one time. And I'm getting a little bit older. I believe in that now.

You've got to be excited about what you do and appreciate it. So, not nervous. Extremely blessed and excited to be here. I don't take it lightly. Don't take it for granted. Last time we played here -- when did this building open?

Q. 2000.
COACH CRONIN: We're pulling in, my dad said, you're playing in a building you haven't played in. I said, you're wrong. First game in 2004 with Murray State was here.

I didn't even remember that until we were pulling in the tunnel today. I was thinking back -- I was riding in here with my former president, Dr. King Alexander, he's the president now at LSU, so I get a chance to say hi to him, thank him for hiring me.

So just really excited and appreciative. Always nervous. Then when I watch Iowa make 3s on film I get a lot more nervous.

Q. I think there's some people around Columbus who probably haven't watched you since the opener against Ohio State. How much has this team grown since that opener and how does that maybe compare to other years as well?
COACH CRONIN: They don't watch Cincinnati up here? I'm teasing. I understand. I understand. The answer is experience. We were very inexperienced in our roles. Jarron Cumberland had played, but he hadn't played the star. Cane Broome had played but, like, now he really understands that when Jarron's out of the game or getting rest that he's got to be aggressive. Justin Jenifer wasn't looking to shoot open shots whenever he could get them. And we weren't running things to get him open shots until this year.

Obviously the rest of our guys weren't really ever in the game. So last year when we played in the NCAA Tournament, Keith Williams and Nysier Brooks did not get in the game against Nevada, and they've been starters for us.

The only way to grow is to get experience. I've tried to be sure I injected that I believe in what they could become from the time we started spring workouts last year. I think that's important. You have to make sure your guys know you believe in them.

I tell them all the time, the most important thing for young people, you've got to believe in yourself. But you gain experience and that helps you get better. And it's a hard thing for a guy, for a guy like Nysier Brooks, the first time you're starting at this level. And to be as consistent as he and Tre Scott have been for us. So the growth as players is the answer to your question.

Q. Is that different now entering into March where they haven't had that, Jarron really came on at the end of last year at this stage, and maybe does that give you an added element that's almost like invaluable because some of those guys haven't had experience at this stage?
COACH CRONIN: Tough to say. I would say of all the added elements and the things that may go on Friday, I'll take made shots over all that stuff. You can split atoms all you want, try to dissect what's going to happen. These games -- it's why it's called March Madness, why it's the greatest event in sports in the world because anything can happen whether it's UMBC or what happened to us last year.

Anything can happen at any time. So we've talked about since the end of the regular season is playing in one-and-out environments, and that you have no margin for error. And you have to know that when you're tying your shoes to get ready for the tournament, that if you lose you're out.

And that was our mentality going to the conference tournament. It worked well for us. So I think that you've got to believe that you can win the tournament or at some point in the game you may have to give up because you think, well, we're not going to win it anyway.

So I think the teams that have any advantage are the teams that think they can win the whole tournament. And that if they don't win it that they're not going to feel like they accomplished their goal. You might look at me and say you guys at Cincinnati are a 7 seed, but I think that's the mentality.

I don't want my guys ever walking around thinking that they can't win the tournament. Whether we're playing Iowa or whoever is No. 1 in the country this week, I don't know.

Q. Ninth straight year for you here. Do you feel it's gotten easier or harder?
COACH CRONIN: I feel like I'm getting older. I think it's hard every year. You should never underestimate how hard it is to win and never take winning for granted. And I say that not -- fans are always going to want more. But I think for the players, my thing is that what they accomplished this year, I want them to know that they've done a great job.

And although we expect it and we work extremely hard to sustain our success, you can't take it for granted. And you've got to make sure that the people on your staff, the guys that come off the bench, our managers, that everybody's a part of it. Because everybody doesn't go to the tournament every year. We know this.

So you have to appreciate it and you have to make sure that everybody that's a part of it knows that they're contributing. And probably getting better at that as I get older. It's definitely not a one-man band, I can promise you that.

Q. How much of a dilemma is Iowa's grain-fed beef. They have some big dudes?
COACH CRONIN: Their strength?

Q. They have big guys, 250 pounds-plus. You guys are strong, but you don't have any 250-plus bodies?
COACH CRONIN: I don't know what Noz (phonetic) weighs, but I don't know. We're not in a sumo wrestling match, so I think how the game is called is big, important. I think footwork is important. I think you've got to play smart. I think the games are usually called a little tighter starting today. And the games get real physical in conference play in February.

So what we've talked about is making sure that we don't pick up cheap fouls battling for offensive or defensive position in the low post, regardless of who they're battling against, whether it's Garza or Cook, whomever because I think it will be a little different. I don't think it will be quite the way conference games tend to get real physical late in the year. I think it will be back to more free-flowing. And I don't want them guys getting cheap fouls in the low post early in the game.

Q. Based on the numbers, looks like your rebounding is a priority for you guys, right? How do you balance that with Iowa's transition game in terms of crashing the offensive boards and your ability to do that?
COACH CRONIN: That's a great question. We would never change that. I get asked that a lot by younger coaches and people that talk about, what's your theory on transition defense. It's called get back.

And I have people -- there's a lot better coaches than me, and they rebound two guys and they run to certain spots. I worked for -- Coach Huggins will be in the hall of fame, and Rick Pitino. We rebound the ball, obviously your point guard gets back.

But with Iowa, I think the biggest key is you've got to find shooters early. That's what you're alluding to. You've got to find shooters early with them. But we will not not rebound because of that. But people do try to score on us -- we're used to people trying to score on us in transition because of our half-court defense can give people problems at times and it's tended to be pretty good. So we're used to that.

But it will definitely be a challenge but we will not rebound because of that. Hopefully we won't have to. We'll make a few shots. It will be nice.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.


Q. Tajuan, going back to the MAAC championship you said it was a dream for you growing up to play in the NCAA Tournament. Now you're a day from that dream becoming a reality taking on Chapel Hill. What are you feeling right now?
TAJUAN AGEE: I was excited to get the opportunity. But now it's time to buckle down. It's time to lock in. Tomorrow's game day. We're going to treat it like any other game.

Q. Rickey, to you, what was your coach telling you when you guys were 7-15?
RICKEY MCGILL: Just keep your eye on the basketball. Keep sticking together. Don't give up. Don't ever settle for plays. Don't ever take a play off. And just play your best and give it your all.

Q. Rickey, last year it was Duke. This year UNC, Chapel Hill. What does that mean to you to take on two, not only a ACC powers but national powerhouses?
RICKEY MCGILL: It means a lot. It's a big stage. I'm going to come out and try to get my team the win.

Q. Your coach has sort of a larger than life personality. How does his personality impact you guys and the way you play?
RICKEY MCGILL: He comes every day prepared to work. He tells us to go hard every day, keep getting better, keep getting in the gym.

TAJUAN AGEE: He works hard, night in and night out, whether it's film or studying a different team or just letting us know what spots are open on the floor against different teams. So that work ethic rubs off on us. And we just come in and try to work hard and as hard as he works every night.

ASANTE GIST: Like my teammates said, it's a lot to do with work ethic. He instills that in us to play hard in every possession. And we just try to come in practice every single day and do what we have to do in order to come together to be the best team we possibly can.

Q. Rickey, as one of two players on this team that's been on this stage before, what's the message been like in the locker room with these guys getting them ready for what lies ahead on this stage?
RICKEY MCGILL: Just give it your all. All or nothing. We've got to play for 40 minutes just like they gotta to play 40 minutes. It's a big game for us, bigger than any other game we've played this season. Just gotta come out and try to get a win.

Q. Going back to when you guys were 2-9, if I would have told you guys you were about to play UNC, Chapel Hill in the NCAA Tournament, would you guys still believe it during that tough stretch?
ASANTE GIST: We always thought we were a good team. That never was the case. We always knew it was just minor things we had to get together. And we always had each other's back.

This team has always been resilient and always had each other's back. We never looked and said, oh, we can't do this. We always felt as though if we just got on the same page that would be a scary sight. And now we're here. So we're just trying to go out there -- we're not going out there just to be here; we're not happy to be here. We want to get a win. That's what we all tell each other on a consistent basis.

Q. What have you seen from UNC on tape? What challenges do they pose? And break down what you see on the court.
TAJUAN AGEE: They're a fast team. They like to get up and down. But we like to get up and down. So it's going to be a challenge that we want. It's a big game. We know it's a big game. We are ready for the challenge, though.

ASANTE GIST: Like Tajuan said, they play fast, they're kind of big. They're bigger than us, but like he said, we want the challenge. So we just have to come out and play our basketball.

That's what got us here so we're not going to change how we play. But we're going to go out there and do what we have to do and hopefully we come out with a win tomorrow.

RICKEY MCGILL: They just touched on everything that I was going to say. I agree with them.

Q. Rickey, what are your impressions of freshman guard Coby White, and how much are you looking forward to that matchup?
RICKEY MCGILL: Just try and stop him. I know he's a good player. He's been a good player all year for North Carolina. Now it's a big challenge for me just to come out and try to get a stop.

Q. Asante, just more specifically, what are you guys doing better now than when you were struggling so much?
ASANTE GIST: A lot of people don't know, this team didn't come together until school started, so chemistry was our biggest problem in the beginning. It hadn't had nothing to do with talent. We always worked hard. It was just our the chemistry.

Now I feel as though we're moving the ball a lot better. We're shooting the ball way -- a lot better. So, and we're also playing defense very well, too. So that's a big emphasis that Coach gives us on a daily basis. And that's really what it is.

Q. Rickey, he mentioned chemistry. How much of that is chemistry that is being your team in the locker room together, learning about guys that just came together and how much of it is actually on the court?
RICKEY MCGILL: Chemistry definitely was a big problem for us at the beginning of the year. As he said we didn't really have a team in the summertime to gel together. As the year went on we just had to keep fighting, just keep getting better as a team, and just keep gelling together, keep getting to know each other. And that's what we did and now we're here.

Q. As you started to win games, could you feel yourself getting better as a team? How did the winning the game sort of improve your confidence as a team?
ASANTE GIST: We always, like I said, we always felt as though we were a good team. As time goes on, we could see even games we were losing, we could see that we were getting better. It was just certain things that came down the stretch that might have made us lose the game or little things that we need to get together.

But, like I said, we always felt as though we were a good team. And once, Coach always told us, once we started clicking it would be, like, a good one. So that's what happened down the stretch.

TAJUAN AGEE: I always felt like winning fixes a lot of problems. So as we started to win, we started to gel, we started to become more of a brotherhood than a team, and I think that helped.

THE MODERATOR: Is that easier said than done?

RICKEY MCGILL: Yeah, winning, it takes a lot to win, everybody playing against a different team every day. So you just gotta come out and give it your all.

Q. You find it difficult, there's so many questions here about chemistry. And it's kind of tough, you throw guys in a room. You guys be friends. It has to happen organically, right?
RICKEY MCGILL: Right. That's really what happens. We all were new to each other since this school year. So we just had to learn what each other could do and just play as a team, play Iona basketball.

Q. Tajuan, did you watch the game last year when UMBC beat Virginia? And what did you think of it, a 16 seed beating a No. 1 seed?
TAJUAN AGEE: Of course I watched it. I've always been a big fan of March Madness. Of course I watched it.

But I think a 16 beating a 1, it happened before, it can happen again. So we're going to come out and we're going to play our hearts out and we're going to give it our all. And hopefully we can get it done.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you. It's time for an opening statement from Coach Cluess.

COACH CLUESS: We're excited to be here and playing against North Carolina and their storied program and coach and really excited for the challenge. My players have worked really hard for this all year and I'm really happy for them because hard work paid off for them.

Q. One of the themes that we really got from your players was that during that initial struggle with a losing record in the first half of the season or so, that you really gave them the belief -- this could be a special group. Coaches don't always do that.
COACH CLUESS: I firmly believe that. I think we went through a lot -- two of our first 11 games were on the road. We played at home on Nov. 6 and not again until December 30th. So we had a lot of learning about each other, doing a lot of growing up to do. But I liked the pieces we had.

More importantly I liked how they came to practice every day even after tough losses and injuries and all that. They worked their tail off every day. And as a coach you're kind of looking around, is the shoe going to drop if we don't win soon? And they never gave up. I really did believe at some point if we got healthy we'd have a chance to turn it around.

Q. What has been your message to your players ahead of this game, especially for the guys who are playing in their first NCAA Tournament?
COACH CLUESS: To enjoy the moment, to go out there play really hard, worry about each possession and don't look at the big picture right now; look at one possession when you're in the game. And play Iona basketball for 40 minutes.

Q. When you look at UNC, what challenges they pose, obviously the speed is what the players said. Anything else that stands out?
COACH CLUESS: They have a lot of challenges obviously for the size of our team. But their speed getting back, first of all, offensive rebounds that try to limit them from getting too many of those. We can't turn the ball over. We've again good as of late. If we can do that I think we can get good shots.

We have five guys out there that can stretch and knock down 3s so we're confident in the way we're playing offensively right now. And we have to play a top-notch game, but I expect nothing less from our guys.

Q. Many moons ago you coached Danny Green in high school. I was curious if there were any good off-the-wall Roy Williams recruiting stories when you first ran into each other that you could share?
COACH CLUESS: In all fairness, the first time I met him we had just won the Beach Ball Classic. I met Coach Williams and had my boys and my wife with me, and he was a gracious, terrific man to meet. And when I just ran into him today, it's the first time I've really talked to him since that day. And he's the same exact way.

I love how hard he works with players -- I thanked him for making Danny Green a pro because we entrusted Danny with him. I knew it was the right spot for Danny because Danny was the kind of young man who would work really hard and just listen to his coach, and I didn't know any coaches better in the business than him, in all fairness.

So I don't have any of those other kinds of stories, but it was tremendous Danny was there, and it's a tremendous honor and privilege. But, boy, am I looking forward to tomorrow.

Q. A lot of players talked about a need to build chemistry. What kinds of things did you do to help build chemistry?
COACH CLUESS: That's a good one. Sometimes adversity builds chemistry. Sounds a little crazy but it does. Sometimes you find out what their true beliefs are individually and what they're looking for out of it when things are bad. So not only can you get a read on players when things are going well, but I think when things are going back you have to try to figure out what makes each other player tick and then how to bring it together. The players themselves have to want to bring it together.

Early on, in fairness, they were fighting each other a lot. I think that chemistry grew to where we want to win and we're going to do it the right way. And our senior leadership in Rickey McGill and E.J. Crawford as a junior started like telling guys you've got to do what we're asking you to do. You've got to work harder and continue to develop and don't worry, it's going to be okay.

We've been through some tough times in our program before and found a way. I think they helped start the belief and it got infectious within our team.

Q. What are your impressions of UNC freshman Coby White and the matchup problem he possesses?
COACH CLUESS: He's terrific. He gets down the floor in three to four dribbles. In about two to three seconds he's down in the other end makes place for them. And our job is to get back on D and slow him down and build a wall in front of him and not just let him have his way the whole game.

I think Rickey McGill and Tajuan Agee and E.J. Crawford and Asante Gist and Ben Perez and anyone else we play is up to that challenge. I think we know what we have to do whether we're capable of it is whether or not we'll have a chance of doing it in this game. And I think we're capable of doing it.

Q. You have a lot of guys who maybe aren't going to get recruited by North Carolina. What do they get out of playing at Iona and what do they get from playing in this?
COACH CLUESS: Iona gets a lot of things. First of all, people around the country get to know who Iona is, not just our basketball program but our school. It helps our enrollment. It helps our applications. For us, recruiting-wise, it helps us recruit on a broader base because more people know about who we are and the success we've had and our style of play. And if you want to have a chance to play in the NCAA Tournament, Iona is a school you should be looking at.

If you want to do some special things get a great education, I don't know if you saw the piece on the Final Four for that academic piece that came out, Iona made it to the Final Four (indiscernible) if you take all the programs in this tournament. And so I think we bring a lot to the table.

Q. I have to get your thoughts on this, what did you think about the year that your alma mater had this year in basketball?
COACH CLUESS: Which one?

Q. Hofstra.
COACH CLUESS: I'm just kidding with you. I thought they did a terrific job. Joe did a terrific job. They were terrific. I thought they were beating North Carolina State the other night. I was rooting for them. They were close to getting in the tournament. I wished they'd won that championship game. But they've really turned the corner with this program over there.

Q. You've been on this stage five times before. Is this one more rewarding than the ones before it given what this group has gone through?
COACH CLUESS: I think you can sit there when 2-9 and I said it to my players -- and I meant it -- just imagine what the story would be if we go from 2-9 to getting to play in the NCAA Tournament. And you are looking at yourself and everyone's looking at me, like, are you crazy? And part of me is, I'm saying to myself, am I crazy?

But reality is when you do that and come back, and you can look back from where we were to where we are now it feels like it's been several years, not a few months. And I'm proud of these guys because I've never coached a team that was seven games under .500 and won a championship. In fairness, in my 30-something years of coaching, it's never happened.

To me, it was special because it was something brand new that the players really worked hard for. My assistant coaches worked their tails off to give these guys this opportunity. So I'm so proud of all of them and so happy for all of them to get this moment.

Q. We sensed from hearing from them that they didn't want to give up because you didn't want to give up.
COACH CLUESS: My father and mother did not raise me to ever give up. And that goes for my whole family, brothers and sisters. We were born one way, to fight a tough fight and fight through life's adversities. And I truly believe that's what makes you strong and I think you find out what you're about at those points. And you have to try to help people along the way and guide and lead people. And that's what we're supposed to do as coaches.

Q. Sounds like an old Iona coach?
COACH CLUESS: Yes, I was fortunate enough to know him.

Q. What's it been like to see where Rickey McGill develop from where he was as a freshman to where is now -- four MAAC championships, (indiscernible) tournaments? What has it been like to see him develop as a player and a person?
COACH CLUESS: Again, I'm going to go to work ethic on it. Being raised with the work ethic I was, there's nothing better to me than to see somebody working for everything they've gotten. He played sparingly as a freshman.

You know the story about us saying he maybe should look at another school at the end of freshman year because he wasn't working up to our standards. And Rickey took the challenge of starting to work harder and got better and better and better each year.

And that's what we're about, our program is about guys who want to work hard become special, guys who want to become college graduates and a chance to play professionally and enjoy their college experience. And he really has done it to the fullest and he really represents Iona basketball.

Q. Scott just got picked up by the Lakers a couple hours ago. To have Scott, MoMo, A.J. and now Rickey, how much of an accomplishment is it for this program to turn out such a great lineage of point guards?
COACH CLUESS: I think it's an accomplishment for them. I'm glad we're a part of it. But they're the ones who put in the hard work. We may lead them but they're the ones who had to get in the gym and put all those hours in, plus the hours on their own and all the training that goes with Kelly Shaver, our strength and conditioning coach.

I'm really happy for Scott. Again someone who is kind of fighting, fighting, fighting for that opportunity over years, had injuries, never gave up. And here he is, he'll be playing with the Lakers for the next ten days and hopefully more.

Q. You made reference to the way you were brought up and the work ethic. Can you describe that household, what that was like and --
COACH CLUESS: Honestly, it was the best thing that anybody could ever dream of. Youngest of five siblings. Two parents in the house that worked their tail off. They were never able to go to college or anything like that. They worked to put food on the table for their families. They were the first generation here.

Myself and my siblings were the first ones to go to college. Everything was about working hard and doing your best. And really competitive. Everyone, not just my dad and my brothers and my sister, my mom was ultra competitive.

Everything we did, there was a winner and loser. Every time we were sitting down at the table for dinner, there was some kind of game going on that was a challenge and we were being challenged.

And my father would have great stories. But he would make up facts that we knew were made up and he would just tell you go to the library and prove it. Now I could swear I thought my father worked in a library because I heard that line so many times. But he just wanted us to be able to stand up for ourselves and find our own beliefs and fight through things.

And I remember going home to him, like in today's day and age, if things weren't going well on teams or something like that, and I complained one time to him about it. He goes, "Get better. I don't care. Get better." I'm, like, "You're right."

And I think I've taken that philosophy through my family. And I was fortunate to have Coach Morris from St. Agnes High School have that same philosophy. I was underneath him for four years as well. I think that built the person I am.

And obviously I think you know a little bit more about my family history, going through those things, I had people because of basketball I'm here today, because some people in my life helped keep me on track through those hard times. And this gave me an outlet. And I also do believe that I'm here for a purpose. My purpose is to help young men have better lives.

Q. What did they do, what did your folks do?
COACH CLUESS: My dad was an engineer for Sperry Rand for about with 56 years for the same company. And my mom took care of everyone in the family. We always had a grandparent, aunt or uncle, someone who didn't have a place to stay were living with us. We had nine or ten people in the house with one bathroom. You had to learn a little bit -- little different skills there, a little patience sometimes.

Q. You mentioned how you want your players to enjoy the moment. How do you get your players not only to enjoy the moment but also realize at the same time that we have a job to do tomorrow?
COACH CLUESS: I think we have not changed how we work at things. The same way we're preparing for every other game. And everything we did this year was about the game in front of us. It was never about down the road, what we could be. It was about what's happening in the game in front of us, how we're going to get ready for it, how we're going to warm up for it, what we need to do in each four-minute segment and each play.

Our whole thing to my players is that worry about the play you're involved with, not the previous -- learn from the previous one, but don't dwell on it. Don't get upset about it. Don't look at the referees. Don't complain about it. Make the next play.

If the ball is on the ground, dive on it. Sometimes something that simple, taking a charge, diving on a loose ball, getting a 50/50 ball, takes away a lot of the adrenaline that flowing in a pregame situation like this.

Basketball is basketball. If you're focused, once that game starts, you really don't see anything beyond the court. Like I wouldn't be able to tell you tomorrow if there's one person in the gym or 20,000, because once the game starts, it's all about what's right in front of you. And I think our players have learned to focus much better in that way as well.

Q. Because of all your preparation as a coach, can you enjoy the moment?
COACH CLUESS: I am enjoying it. We had a little more time, a few more days than normal to prepare for this. And I think I'm just enjoying my family being here again and all the coaches' families and seeing it through their eyes as well. Some of my coaches have very young children. It's the first time they're going through it. So to watch their expressions as they see different things, it's great.

And a lot of my players have never been here before. So I'm getting to live it all again through their eyes and I just love it.

Q. You've obviously given a lot of credit to your staff and the players, but do you feel like this is your best coaching job of your career?
COACH CLUESS: I'm not the one to judge that. All I know is again I don't ever give up on what we're doing. And I'm going to tell you there's one point in the season where I came home and I was kind of dejected with the work ethic in practice. We had a game coming up in two days. I half jokingly, half maybe, you know what, I don't know if I'm going to watch that film tonight on this team because I'm so mad at these guys; they don't care.

My son turns to me and says, "Dad, it doesn't matter what you think's going to happen, you're going to do your job just like you always have." I loved that response from him. Like, boy, he's been around me for a while.

And of course I did that. But it was great to hear from another voice saying you're going to do your job because that's what you always do and you are going to give it everything you have. This way, they will too.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you.


Q. Kyle, you weren't able to play against Loyola in the second round. Does that give you more urgency this time around? Everybody is looking forward to it, but do you think you in particular are ready to go?
KYLE ALEXANDER: Yeah, it's unfortunate last year that I wasn't able to play in the second round. I'm excited regardless. I'm a senior this year. I'm excited regardless, I'm ready to go. I'm ready to play.

Q. Grant, how much do you guys think as a team you benefit from being through all this? This is not the first time any of you have sat up there on this stage, not the first time you've practiced in an open arena? The whole process, how much do you think you benefit from the experience?
GRANT WILLIAMS: We're definitely fortunate. We're blessed because not many people have a chance to do this once but we're doing it twice. So we're ready for the challenge. We're capable of anything that's thrown at us. And we're just ready to get out there and play.

Q. Admiral, how are you a better basketball player because of what happened last March, how it happened?
ADMIRAL SCHOFIELD: I would just say I'm more motivated. But also it gave me an opportunity to go through the NBA process. So I learned a lot about the game, a lot of things outside of the game that helped me for this upcoming March.

But the biggest thing it taught me how much I loved my teammates, I missed my teammates. And it really gave me motivation towards doing something special in returning. So I think it made me better as far as being a leader and understanding what we want to get done as far as our goals.

We've been in great positions this year to win championships. We haven't finished, but at the same time we have a great opportunity to win another one this year.

Q. You mentioned after Sunday's loss that it was going to stick with you and obviously it hurt. How quickly were you able to flush that? And what was that process like to move forward quickly?
JORDAN BONE: Like I mentioned, it's tough to get past a loss like that, especially being in similar situations with the same team competing for a championship, and we failed against the same team twice. That's a hard pill to swallow.

But I feel like, just being a mature team and understanding that we're in a good position because we do have more basketball left, we do have another opportunity to go out there and compete, I feel like that kind of made it a little easier to get past those losses.

Like I said, it was a hard pill to swallow, because of the situation we were in. But we have another opportunity to go out there and do what we do. So I think that, like I said, it just shows the maturity of this team and the perspective that we have for this game.

Q. Kyle, this group, this unit has been together for pretty much the past three years, but for you and Admiral, this is going to be your last run. So this is going to be the last time you all can go through this together. So, I mean, where is the sense of urgency for you, Admiral, and for all of you to make this last run your best part of your season?
KYLE ALEXANDER: It's a good point you mentioned for me and Admiral. After all this is done, we're done. We're seniors and it's the end of the road. So the urgency is there because we're not trying to have this end anytime soon. We're trying to be with this group as long as we can.

So definitely there's a sense of urgency there. And I wouldn't want to be here with any other group of guys, because I love this group of guys.

Q. Admiral, as you take what you take from that loss to Auburn, but when you come back to the tournament again, is there anything you change with your routine, your approach, knowing that you've been here, done that in terms of the first weekend and all the buzz it gets?
ADMIRAL SCHOFIELD: Well, you can't change what got you here. And, I mean, just because you lose doesn't mean what you did was the wrong thing as far as process-wise. It just means that you didn't execute in the moment.

So, for us, it's just being able to adjust as far as it's really win or go home at this point. And we want to have a lot more opportunities to be together, play with each other. So for us it's just being locked in for 40 minutes and focusing on each game that's in front of us and not taking any opponent lightly, but also respecting the game and playing with the passion we know we all have and the love we all have and having fun out there.

So for us it's just really being locked in 100 percent collectively on a consistent basis every night, every film session. Really cherishing every moment that we have in the hotel rooms and the free time that we have, but also understanding that we're here on business as well. And we're here to accomplish our main goal, and that's to win a national championship.

But can't do that without winning the first game and the game after that. So we have to take it step-by-step and understanding that this process is just like any other process. There's levels to it, there's steps to it. And we've just got to understand that consistency and consistent buy-in and lock-in to the game plan and to each other is what's going to get it done this year.

Q. Lamonte, how important was that SEC Tournament for you in terms of getting all the confidence back, and was there a point where it wavered down the stretch in the regular season?
LAMONTE TURNER: I think whenever a shooter isn't making shots you're confidence wavers a little bit. But my teammates did a great job of keeping me up and making me realize that I do more than just score for us. So I just tried to find another role, tried to do other things to keep me going. But as far as confidence, yeah, I think making shots and getting going in the tournament definitely helped me.

Q. Jordan, what do you remember about last year, the way it ended in what Dallas and how that felt? And I'm sure you guys thought you were going to be around longer than that first weekend?
JORDAN BONE: Yeah, just a lot of pain, a lot of regret from that last game. I feel like this team still feels that, I mean, it's something that we can look back on as motivation to not get that feeling again.

But I feel like that was just the start of something special, honestly. Everything happens for a reason. So just having the right mindset, the right perspective of why things happen, I feel like that shows something about our group. It shows something about certain individuals, how they bounced back from that moment.

But it's been tough, man, it's been tough. I'm just moving on from that. But we have to use that to not get that feeling again. So we're just excited to play, and hopefully we can take this thing further than we did last year.

Q. Grant, has it been a long week since Sunday in the way that ended? Have you guys been eager to get here and get going?
GRANT WILLIAMS: As competitors, we're just ready to play. That's how the team feels. We're ready to get going. But we're doing everything we can to prepare and just understand that now it's a time where one-and-done, and you have to come with the right mindset every single day, every single game.

And we've done a good job of staying focused and we're locked in on our opponent. We understand what they do. We just have to go out and execute what the coaches have scheduled for us.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks. Coach, an opening statement.

COACH BARNES: Well, obviously we're excited for our program, we're excited for the university and our players are excited to be back in this tournament again. It's something that you begin every basketball season with hoping to be a part of what is really, arguably, the best sporting event in our country.

Again, our guys have worked hard just like Colgate and all the other teams in this tournament. If you're here at this time of year it tells you that you've had success start to finish, but certainly you've had success to get your way into the tournament. And we're excited to be a part of it.

Q. I know you've touched on it from time to time in this season. But do you feel like this turnaround would have been possible without Kevin Punter being a part of this program your first year here?
COACH BARNES: I don't know how to answer that other than the fact that I know he's a big part of what happened that first year, because when we went in, we wanted to establish a culture of -- the fact that a group of guys that want to have a great work ethic. And he was the first guy that really, once we talked about how we saw that and what we thought that meant, he bought right into it.

And I've said many times that I'll always be thankful and blessed that Kevin was there when we got there, because he went above and beyond. And then by what he was doing when Admiral came in and then Kyle came in and Lamonte, it just -- he was the leader of those guys. And when he left, those are the guys, along with our two walk-ons, Lucas and Brad, that have continued to build that culture. And the next class with Grant and those guys were the ones that we've just kept building.

Q. How much of a benefit is it to have everybody back from last year? It's not new for any of these guys, the attention, the hype, the pressure.
COACH BARNES: Well, it's a benefit if they understand that you take nothing for granted, that you understand that this time of year everybody can play. And I think they do understand that. I really do. And we've been through a lot this year as a team and a lot of good things have happened, obviously.

But you can say that about every team in this league. But I'd like to see the fact that we've been here, but it only works for you if you make it work for you.

Q. You've had this unit for pretty much the past two years, but after this tournament, this team won't look the same. So have you started to sense some urgency from the guys, maybe knowing it's their last ride? They actually need to go out on top or at least as far as they can go?
COACH BARNES: We start every year talking about that every year is a new team. This team is not the same team that we had a year ago this time. And you're right about it. This time, again, we'll graduate some key guys to our program, not just guys that have had success on the basketball court, but guys that have really put a lot into building this program.

But they understand, I do think they understand it all. And I think they realize how difficult it is. They know that everybody can play. But the fact is, again, I think most coaches this time of year would be surprised if their teams aren't excited, on edge, ready to play. And certainly hope that we're there.

Q. To prepare for Colgate, what concerns you? What jumps out at you about them?
COACH BARNES: One, they're a well-coached team. They rely on shooting the 3, but they can do some other things. They have some size, they have length. They look to really try to take advantage of your help defense, too. They can mix some defenses up with you. And there's no doubt they're going to pretty much pack it back in there, I'm sure, and hope that we settle early.

And so they won 11 in a row, which tells you that they played their way in starting way back before their tournament and the way they're playing good basketball. And, again, their length and the fact that they can shoot the ball. They're going to shoot it a lot from back there. So we're going to have to be able to guard the 3-point line.

Q. You've been through this tournament 23, 24 times. I mean, that's a lot obviously. And you mentioned not taking it for granted. But as a coach what do you maybe not take for granted or do you maybe change some things about your routine about this first weekend, given all the buzz that it creates?
COACH BARNES: I think, one, you want to go with the formula that has gotten you here. I think, is when you start doing things that maybe the players look at you differently and think that -- I think, coaches can get players too uptight. I do. I think coaches could also maybe let players get a little bit too loose.

I think the key is to be who you are and what's got your team here and players be that. But I think we all want to come into this tournament with energy. You want to have the legs that you need to compete, the way you'll have to compete each possession.

And there's no doubt early in my career, I think, I probably got my team a little bit too uptight at times. But we've had teams that just fought to get here, was a great achievement in itself. And when you're fighting -- because it is something you don't take for granted, because you think about the 68 teams here, and then the teams in the NIT.

If you're playing this time of year, one, you've got to feel good about it because there's a lot of teams that took inventory early and aren't playing. But what you want to do, you don't want to look back when it's all said and done and not think that -- you gave it your best shot.

Q. Lamonte, do you feel like he kind of found his swagger back in Nashville with a big shot against Kentucky and had a nice game against Auburn?
COACH BARNES: He started making some shots, but what I hope he realizes, and I think he does now, he can affect a game whether or not he's scoring or not. And I will say this about this about him and other guys on our team, when we're really locked in defensively our offense flows much better. We play that way.

What you don't want him to do is get back where he forgets about his defense because he's affected games for us from the defensive end. But I do, again, he obviously shoots the ball better than when he went through that period there where he couldn't make a shot. So we're glad that happened. But yet I wanted him to come into the game with the mindset that he's really had the last month of the season.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. What was your guys' first reaction to seeing Montana again in the Selection Show and you guys had just got done playing and your first thoughts?
IGNAS BRAZDEIKIS: I wasn't here last year, but this is really exciting for me. Any team we would have played I would have been just as excited for anyone else. We are not going to take anyone for granted. We're going to be ready to go and I'm just excited for this opportunity.

CHARLES MATTHEWS: It was a coincidence that we ended up playing the same team we played last year. They are a really talented team and we are excited to play them tomorrow.

ZAVIER SIMPSON: Yeah, extremely talented team. Excited to have the opportunity to play.

Q. Coming off the loss with Michigan State this past week is there any areas that you guys are looking forward to being able to work on in this game on Thursday?
IGNAS BRAZDEIKIS: I feel like we got a lot better as a team in the Big Ten tournament. It didn't go the way we wanted it to, but I feel like we learned a lot of different things and now I feel like we're moving the ball really well. We are locked in on the defense end and I feel like we're getting better and better and you will see the best of us in this tournament.

CHARLES MATTHEWS: Our approach right now is really just taking it with a clean slate, try to forget about that loss. We understand that we wanted to win that game, but we can't let that lose us another game in this tournament. We gotta be fresh minded and take on the next task.

ZAVIER SIMPSON: Our focus is Montana. We're just trying to get better every single day.

Q. Based off the run from last year what's the biggest take away that you guys take from that three-week experience to try to make sure that y'all are in the right frame of mind yourselves and passing that on to someone like Iggy?
CHARLES MATTHEWS: You've got to take one game at a time. That's one thing I noticed from last year. You've got to have a little bit of luck and we had a crazy shot to continue our run. But staying in the moment and having the most fun and enjoying each and every night. Those are the teams that have the most success around this time.

ZAVIER SIMPSON: I would just tell the young guys to enjoy every moment, practice, the media, everything leading up to it because it goes by quick and last year we were so focused on winning this, I don't think we got a chance to enjoy being in the NCAA tournament, which is unfortunate for every team.

Q. Charles, you were on you a great scoring run before you hurt your ankle and you tried to get back in the groove with the Big Ten tournament. Talk about that?
CHARLES MATTHEWS: It's a process. I understand injuries are part of the game. Like I said, there is no pressure on me, though. I have so many great teammates around me where I can ease myself back into the game, back into the flow of things. But I'm confident in my abilities. I know I will be back to where I was before, prior to this injury and right now I'm trying to help the team win, whatever role is needed.

Q. Charles, at Kentucky you were playing 10 minutes a game and now you're playing 30 minutes a game for a really good team. Is this what you envisioned when you transferred to Michigan?
CHARLES MATTHEWS: That was the goal, but I knew I was about to put the work in and earn my coaching staff to trust me to be out there for that amount of time. Right now it's not so much about Kentucky. I've been gone from there forever. Now it's just trying to get back to the icing on the cake right now.

Q. Charles, last year against Montana you had 20 points and 11 rebounds. Do you approach this rematch similarly knowing it's a similar group with not Montana or is it different for you this time?
CHARLES MATTHEWS: Honestly, I just play to win every game I play. I never go into there with the mindset I've got to get X amount of points, X amount of rebounds, X amount of assists. It never really mattered to me, throughout the game I heat up, do what I need to do for the team. Last year we had some early foul troubles and I knew I needed to do more on the offensive end and rebound as well.

Q. Do you guys know anything about the state of Montana at all?
IGNAS BRAZDEIKIS: I'm from Canada, so I definitely don't know too much about Montana. Pass it on to Charles.

CHARLES MATTHEWS: It's on the west coast.

ZAVIER SIMPSON: I don't.

Q. Montana runs a pretty heavy guard off and they're shorter than you guys. Is that going to change the way you play? Is there anything that you are excited to change when you face them Thursday?
IGNAS BRAZDEIKIS: We always have a specific game plan for each team we play. So depending on what they have, we kind of adjust our offense, defense. But every single game we play hard, you know? We never let down for anyone. We don't tape anyone for granted, so we're going to come into this game like it's the national championship game, and that's the mindset we've got to have. I feel like if we have that mindset we will be fine.

CHARLES MATTHEWS: We don't take anyone for granted, but they are a smaller team and that produces strengths for them as well, and that helps to create for themselves and others. So I feel like we're going to respond to it.

ZAVIER SIMPSON: They're going to present challenges, great guard play, great team and coaching staff. So I'm excited for the game, and we just have to do our best to contain them.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, gentlemen.

We would like to welcome Michigan head coach, John Beilein. Coach, welcome to Des Moines.

JOHN BEILEIN: Thank you very much, Mike. We're thrilled to be here. I just told our AD I love being in these venues where it means a lot to Des Moines to have a tournament like this and so much interest coming into this area. My first time coming here. Looks like a wonderful place to live. Looks like we're going to have great excitement here and you can guarantee Michigan is excited to be part of this round of 64 by the time we play.

Q. John, the players will know that it's Montana again, everybody has probably asked and talked about that already, but from the coach's perspective you have to balance the confidence that you have in your guys with the fear of any complacency that they might have in a first-round game. Do you have any extra worries that you have to guard against knowing that this is the same way, the road that went so well last year is starting again? How do you make sure that that deja vu factor doesn't make your players complacent?
JOHN BEILEIN: I hope it doesn't go the way it did last year. They were ahead of us 10-nothing to the start the game, and they have a lot of guys back. I don't know if Akoh is going to play. I know he might. We have three guys that played any minutes in this type of game at all. We are a little brand new to playing in this type of game. They know Montana is even better than they were last year, and like you say, we were up by 3 at half and very fortunate to win by 13 points.

So it wasn't a 30, 40-point game. They're a good team. Every team playing in the tournament is a champion and the way they have played without their big guy out is really going to present problems for a lot of high major teams because they're going to spread you out with all guards and that can work really well.

Q. John, the 10-0 run that Montana started with last year, do you think that works to your advantage knowing that these guys like Zavier and Charles won't take them lightly this time around?
JOHN BEILEIN: They know that and we've been really good so far this year. You go into your games early. You have your games where you've beat the team already, right? And we've been able to really respond. We usually respond pretty well after losses, too, and we had a tough one Sunday. We've been really good at that. I hope that trend continues. But I think our kids are sometimes unique to other teams. I think they get all that part, right, that we don't look past anybody, that we are ready to play every day.

Q. Coach, last year Montana was the only team in the tournament that had the same starting lineup for every game. This year they have had to evolve in and out with Akoh being out. What would you say is the difference from last year to this year?
JOHN BEILEIN: I think having Dorsey and the other transfer, Manuel, that's the difference this year, between Oguine and Rorie, those two guys are like Big Ten, Pac 10 guards, and now you ad the shooters around them and everything has changed. So this is a legitimate team that can have a Cinderella run. They're terrific. They have a terrific coach, four out of the first five years they've been in the NCAA Tournament. This is a traditional NCAA team and we're going to have to play well. There is not a team in the country that can go out and have a bad game and win. It's not going to happen.

Q. Coach, you've been in this tournament representing a smaller school before. So the newness, people were bummed that it was Michigan again, because you guys are really good. So maybe the perspective of a smaller school getting to the tournament. Your thoughts on having it be a repeat match-up?
JOHN BEILEIN: Knowing how hard it is to win those three or four games in a row and get to the tournament. I don't think people really care. For me, you know, whether it was Canisius or Richmond. We made the tournament. We were just darn happy to be there. I remember this bold statement we played Utah with Rick Majerus and Doleac and Keith Van Horn. They had like four pro's on the team and I said, that's a great match-up for us. We lost 70-40 or something. You're just excited to get here and everything is positive from this point on. I don't think anybody is saying, oh, it's Michigan. They're saying, oh, it's Michigan, a great opportunity for us to have a great win.

Q. The Montana Grizzlies are a heavily defense program and you guys are one of the top defense programs in the nation. What are the advantages of having a first-game match-up with two heavily defense teams?
JOHN BEILEIN: That's one constant you have in basketball is to have a good defensive team. There have been times we have had a great defensive team. We're going to have to be great defensively against them. This is one of the most efficient offensive teams in the country and a leader in a lot of different categories. So the ability to shoot the 3-ball is a great disadvantage for us. They're a downhill team and their fast break is tremendous. It's going to be a big challenge for us.

Q. John, I want to ask you about the merits and pitfalls of winning a conference tournament. You won the conference tournament last year, got all the way to the finals and this year trying to go as far as you can without winning the conference tournament. I'm wondering if losing in the conference tournament can scare your team in a productive way so they're not too confident going into this venue?
JOHN BEILEIN: As long as I've been coaching and I have been coaching a long time and I've had a lot of wins and a whole lot of losses and after a loss, every time there seems to be a bounce in our team. You've got to go through a painful 24 hours. There have been a few times I lost in a championship game. West Virginia was one of them, and we had to turn around and play right away and because of the Big Ten schedule and the travel and the amount of time we're playing I think we're pretty resilient to that. But it is three games in three days and I know a Hall of Fame coach who said, if you're going to lose in the tournament, lose on Friday, not Saturday or Sunday. Well, we messed that up. We had Monday off and we've tried to stay fresh. So it's all part of it. Our kids are resilient, I think. Montana has one more day of rest, I believe. But this is the time of year you can't worry about being tired or anything. We've got to manage that and just go play. But hopefully we will have the same edge, right, that we have had in the last couple of years in the first rounds after winning. I think we will have more of an edge, hopefully.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thank you.


Q. What are your thoughts being in Des Moines, and how does it feel this time around as opposed to last year in Wichita?
AHMAAD RORIE: It feels real good. Travel was good. It's a blessing just being able to be out here again for a second year in a row. We're coming out here prepared so we had a good practice today and just been trying to get a lot of rest. So it feels good having some downtime and be able to have some fun.

MICHAEL OGUINE: It feels similar to Wichita, the last site we were at. I'm sure there are going to be a lot of fans here, neutral fans enjoying a good game. So I'm looking forward to that and having a good time with my teammates.

BOBBY MOOREHEAD: Excited to be here, second year in a row making the NCAA Tournament. It's a dream come true. I think we're more focused, more locked in and ready to get after it.

Q. Guys, part of the winningest two-year stretch in school history. What are you most proud of in your Grizzly career?
AHMAAD RORIE: Just being able to make it to the tournament twice in a row, win two championships, and we have a group that has worked hard each year. With that being said, just having this group that's, you know, been through a lot of adversity but been able to achieve a lot as well.

MICHAEL OGUINE: Just like Ahmaad said, getting to the tournament two years that's been a big part of it, but also building something we could be proud of, the people in the state are proud of and putting a product on the floor people can enjoy and bringing enjoyment to the community is a special thing, and I feel like we've been able to do that in our time.

BOBBY MOOREHEAD: I'm proud of how much we've grown as a team over the last two years. Like Ahmaad said, all the adversity, the championships are amazing, and just going through everything with your brothers. Just to have these guys as life-long friends is awesome.

Q. You guys have grown up watching the tournament and watched upsets and all that. What would it mean for you guys to be that darling, that upset team?
AHMAAD RORIE: It would mean a lot, you know, and I feel like we honestly have the team with the potential to do that this year. We have a very old veteran team and we've all been through a lot, prepared a lot. So I think just having a good game plan, you know, and not really playing with pressure. I feel like if we do that then we will be good. Just growing up watching a lot of games it's been great to see teams go far that probably weren't supposed to go far.

MICHAEL OGUINE: It would be a dream come true. Like Ahmaad said, growing up, it's always fun to root for the underdogs, to pull off an upset is obviously our goal. To do that it would mean a lot, for ourselves, for the team, for the city, for everyone that supported us along the way that would mean a lot. So that's the goal.

BOBBY MOOREHEAD: We know there are going to be upsets every year, so why not us? I believe and the rest of the guys on our team believe. So it would be a dream come true. It would be awesome.

Q. Ahmaad, this team is a strong defensive team and they're bigger than you guys sizewise. When you approach the game, how do you look at the way to run your offense against this team? They defend ball screens very well and defend the three ball well. How do you approach this offensively?
AHMAAD RORIE: I feel like we need to get out in transition. We don't do that enough and when we do we score at a high rate and moving the ball side-to-side, and I know all the shooters are going to be ready to shoot and getting offensive rebounds. We have guys that are capable of getting rebounds. So if we do those two things we'll be good.

Q. Bobby, along those lines, matching up with their size, something you're going to have to do personally. So what do you think about that match-up going up against them?
BOBBY MOOREHEAD: It's going to be tough. We've dealt with size issues a lot this year, and it's going to be nothing new. I know their center is over 7 foot, so it's going to be a tough match-up. But it's been tough the whole year, so we gotta get mentally prepared for it and do our best and I think when we have played our hardest and our best this year things usually work out. So that's what we're going to do. Just play our hardest.

Q. What do you guys remember just from before tip-off as far as the jitters of last year and being on this experience and the scene? How much do you think it will be not as big this go-round?
AHMAAD RORIE: Well, it was my second time going to the tournament. I went with Oregon before, so I was familiar with it a little bit. But obviously playing a different role on this team. But I kinda had a little bit of jitters but try to relax, know that my team was well-prepared, and I think this year will be my third time and everyone else's second. We'll just come out here and be focused and try to win the game. I don't think it will be too big of a deal being nervous.

MICHAEL OGUINE: Last year the game got delayed a little bit, the game before went to overtime. So that helped out with nerves. You had pregame nerves, but watching that game going extended time, kind of were able to relax a little bit and go out and play our game. Experience definitely helps with that, so I don't anticipate that we will be as nervous. So it will be more like let's take care of business and get this thing going and go from there.

BOBBY MOOREHEAD: There were jitters last year all around. You're traveling on a charter flight which we're not used to with a lot of people who aren't normally in our normal travel crew. So there is a lot of different things going on, a lot of hype going on. This is different. This year we expected it, prepared for it and I think this year are more focused. So I don't think the jitters will be there as much. Obviously, you're still playing on the biggest stage in the country. But when one year under our belt and we truly believe that's the difference.

Q. Michael, Coach John Beilein mentioned how much better of a shooting team you were last year missing shots being the difference in that game. What do you think about the shooting team you have this year?
MICHAEL OGUINE: It definitely makes us stronger, a better team, sustaining dry spells. We had a really big dry spell last year against these guys that put us in a deep hole. The improved shooting this year is definitely going to help us stay in the game more. We're going to rely auto that and get open looks and have confidence to knock 'em down when the time comes. So it's definitely great to have this year as compared to last year.

Q. You guys face plenty of adversity as you mentioned, couple low points when you fall to Eastern Washington before the Northern Colorado game and you were able to regroup. How much did this motivate you guys to get back to the tournament although you had things going against you? How much did this moment fuel you guys behind those closed door meetings?
BOBBY MOOREHEAD: We have a one-game mentality, throughout the year we're not looking toward March Madness, so for a small school like us it's tough to get there. So you have to get through those losses and we believe what we are capable of and we got away from those things we do, and once we got back on track I believe that's when we started to believe we could do this again.

MICHAEL OGUINE: We knew it wouldn't come down to a regular conference loss and we had a bigger picture at hand and we said let's get through this point, let's regroup, get better and be the best we can be when it's time for our conference tournament so we can win three games in a row and get back here. So that's what motivated us.

AHMAAD RORIE: At that point we weren't playing that good of basketball. We were able to regroup like they said and just knew that it would come back to the three games in the tournament and we knew that we would be fine.

THE MODERATOR: Gentlemen, best of luck. Thank you.

Pleased to have with us the head coach of the Montana Grizzlies, Travis DeCuire. Coach, welcome to Des Moines.

TRAVIS DeCUIRE: Thank you. It's a pleasure to be here. This is what it's all about for these young men is an opportunity to perform on the biggest stage. I'm sure they just expressed that to you. Kinda feels like Groundhog Day, a lot of familiar faces. Hopefully a different outcome. We've got a lot of work to do. This Michigan team is very good. I think a lot of people may expect to see the same thing as far as teams go. But I think we have evolved in a different direction. They're more wing dominant. We spread the floor and play a little faster and put a few more points on the board. Should be an exciting game tomorrow and once again just fortunate to be here.

Q. Coach, what's going to be the keys to beating Michigan, and do you have any ties to Iowa?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: No ties to Iowa. Michigan is a tough team to beat. They're good on both sides of the ball, a lot like last year. I think John Beilein is one of the few coaches that spends a lot of time on both sides of the ball, most teams have an identity on either side. They defend as well as anyone in the country, 28% from three. It is common to look up to teams in the 30s, field goal percentage overall. We like to do the same thing. For us, it's going to be containing Zavier Simpson. I think he's the one that creates a lot of offense for the others, keeping him in the paint, slowing down the transition, containing him in ball screens and trying to force the others to make plays for each other.

If we can get them a little out of sync, slow down their timing in offense maybe we can force turnovers and see if we can get out in transition ourselves. We want to score in the high 70s, low 80s, they keep the game in the 60s. So I think the higher we can make the score the better off we will be.

Q. For your entire conference season, you were the ones at the top that everyone was chasing. The position has switched, you are now the underdogs going up against Michigan. How does that change your mentality for better or worse?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: Well, we've had a few games like this year where. The bullseye wasn't on our backs and those were the ones that our guys performed best at, whether we were on the road or we found ourselves in the second or third in the standings and we tried our best to get back to the top. We played with a high level of desperation. I think for a rematch our guys will go into the game the same way. Hopefully we will be hungrier and focus on the details and play our best basketball.

Q. Coach, last year you had the same starting lineup all season long and this year it's been up and down, changes left and right. Going into this game knowing that this lineup you've done a lot of small ball this year, do you feel confident even though you've had so many changes this year?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: I do. I believe in these guys. I've got veterans in this lineup. Sayeed Pridgett has played a lot of basketball as a junior. He's a senior now. We've got a lot of older guys going on the floor. So with our maturity we've been able to settle in through adversity. Right now I think we're playing our best basketball, and hopefully we can continue to do that.

Q. Coach, Coach Beilein said that compared to last year's team the way you guys are different as far as spreading you out and matching the pace, it's hard to defend. We've heard a lot of Big Sky coaches say those same things. So how do you think match-upwise it will be different than last year and maybe you can exploit some of that?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: We ran into a brick wall last year. We were post dominant. We threw the ball inside. We played inside out basketball. Film doesn't tell the story in terms of how physical and how big a team is. I thought we would have some advantages at the four spot in the post and we couldn't get a shot off. Once the game settled down and it became a half court basketball game we struggled to get shots.

We're a different basketball team right now and I think the way we're built could be advantageous to how they defend. But on the flip side, they have advantages with size. We've got to find a way to keep that ball out of the paint and rebound. But we've done that with bigger teams this year and the question is if we can do it again tomorrow night.

Q. Coach, along those same lines, you missed some open shots last year. This team has been great at knocking those down. How confident are you with the shooting you have this year?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: Doesn't matter how confident I am. Those guys you just talked to up here, they gotta believe, right? I think we're a very confident basketball team. I think we have found a way to grind and trust each other and play with a high level of confidence in each other, which means our shot selection is a lot better than it was a year ago. We will turn down an okay shot for a better shot. If we can be patient knowing that this is a good defense team that's going to take way first and second options and contest everything and just work and not panic at the end of shot clock we will get open shots. We've just got to be patient enough to wait for them. I think we will knock those shots down, but I think the key is always to get as many high percentage shots as you can. We are not going to settle and bomb away from three because that's the best shoot you're going to get. We're going to find a way to get two-point shots, and the more of those we get the better off we will be.

Q. You guys had a tough nonconference season at the beginning of this year. How did that prepare you to be here and playing tomorrow?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: We played quite a few teams that either were built to be championship teams or actually did compete for championships, and it's a different feeling when you go on the floor and you match-up against someone who thinks they're good enough to hang a banner. That prepares you for March. I thought we did well. I thought we improved from the adversity that we dealt with during those stretches. I don't think we were ourselves when we played Creighton and I don't think we were ourselves when we played Arizona. Unfortunately we didn't perform many of those games the way I thought we would when I signed up for those games. But we had injuries right before or day of that kept us from putting our best product on the floor and we weren't able to play with what we prepared. This time around the guys we're putting on the floor we have been playing with for a long time, but I do think those games prepared us for this situation.

Q. Travis, your team pretty much everybody here has been to the tournament on this team. How has the feeling been? Have they been more calm or how have they approached this year as opposed to last year?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: It's been more calm the last twelve hours. From the one big league you're going to celebrate. You can go ten years in a row. That Saturday night if you win you're going to celebrate like it's the first win in your life and that's what our guys did. They enjoyed the moment. Sunday they enjoyed Selection Sunday. We had an incredible crowd come and watch the show with us, enjoy the moment with us. Monday's practice high energy, probably not the most disciplined or detailed-oriented group that day. But then as time passed, Tuesday morning, 8 a.m. practice, hard to get up for. They were ready to go. As focused as any team could probably be at 8:15 in the morning, and today they were ready to go. I thought I was focused and ready to go and I had a couple of them on me making sure I was ready. So it turned into more of a business trip today.

Q. I think we asked the players what it's like stepping on the court and playing the game. What is it like for you getting going on this game and going up against a coach that I know you have a lot of respect for as well?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: It's exciting. But I've built this team to treat every game the same. Whether you're playing Michigan or Eastern Washington or Idaho, you have to treat each game the same so that when one becomes more meaningful you can handle the rise in intensity in the moment. Right? But you also show up for a game that you might not pencil in on your calendar when the schedule comes out.

So, you know, for us it's more than just another game, obviously, your season either continues or ends tomorrow night. But our guys are excited and ready to go. I'm excited and ready to go. It's a big moment for me. This is what I dream of is coaching in the NCAA Tournament. As a head coach, it's my second time. I would love to be able to do this every year until I have that type of program. I'm going to enjoy the moment. So when I step on the floor I look at the bright lights, smile, enjoy the moment and when the ball goes in the air it's time to go to work.

Q. Something about Michigan is they can have spurts offensively where they don't score, five, six, seven minutes. You guys are a defensive-oriented team. How do you force them into those stretches and take advantage of them on the offensive end?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: Hard to answer without giving up the scouting report! We just gotta do what we know how to do. We know where they're trying to get a shot for the most part and if we're in the right places at the right times that moment will happen. And that's what we're known for is holding teams scoreless for two, three, four minutes. We finished the season leading the conference for scoring and we held them for what, ten minutes? Hopefully we can do that again. Michigan is a better basketball team. There is no question about it. But if we're in the right places and we pick up the flow of their offense at some point in time we should be in all the right spots at the right time and hopefully it turns into one of those stretches.

Q. Coach, what are you most proud of during this two-year run to lead your Alma Mater to the tournament two years in a row, twenty six wins in each year?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: You want me to answer that without bragging? Hard to do. I'm proud of my guys. Ahmaad Rorie, you are talking about a top-50 recruit in the country that's playing for a program that's in a one-bid league, transfers down from the Pac-12. He's been on the number one nationally ranked team in the country. He's got a lot of reasons to throw up 20 shots a game like a lot of guards we played against this year. He's taken a backseat not to anyone but just to the moment to benefit our team, our program, to give us an opportunity to sit here in front of you right now. I'm proud of him for that because that's hard to do.

When you dream of playing in the NBA you dream of playing for money, sometimes your stats, your accolades are important. And a lot of times those things are worth dollar signs. He put those in the backseat to get here to win a championship. I'm proud of him for that. Sayeed Pridgett, for two years he has wanted to be the guy and he has wanted to get shots and get the ball in his hands and he wanted to start and he waited his turn and he trusted me. Michael Oguine had his best year as the freshman in the history of Montana basketball and going into his sophomore year everyone had big expectations for him to be the best player to put on a jersey at Montana. But here comes Ahmaad Rorie and Sayeed Pridgett. He's got to share. Here comes Jamar Akoh. So he goes from expecting to score 25 a game himself to 12, 13. But he's had 30-point games. They've all had 30-point games, but none of them averaged 20. It's very difficult to do. So I'm proud of the selflessness that my group has expressed and shown together to build a championship program.

Q. What do you hope with the senior crew that you're going to play with for possibly the last time tomorrow night or maybe moving on? What do you hope for them?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: I want to see them walk out of this arena with a smile on their face. That means either we won, or they're proud of the effort that they put forward and the product that they put out in representation of our community, our program, their families, their friends. I want them to walk out of here proud. That's not easy to do in defeat. We gotta find a way to win and play our best basketball.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thank you very much.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Matt, you came here four years ago a skinny kid who can could shoot the ball and basically all we thought you could shoot ball and now you're one of the most feared defenders in the Big Ten. Every time you put on that uniform now it could be your last. What's going through your head? Describe your feelings?
MATT McQUAID: I definitely have more of a sense of urgency, you know? I love playing with this group. I love my teammates. They're like my brothers, you know, close group. I'm going into every day trying to cherish every minute, every second I have with these guys and just taking it one day at a time.

Q. You guys getting Bradley as a 15-seed. What have you seen on film in the last couple of days of the way they play?
MATT McQUAID: They got a lot of really good shooters, and they're solid in the paint. They run their offense really well. They even get out in transition. They've got a lot of tough match-ups and run their offense really well.

CASSIUS WINSTON: Like Matt said, they're a solid team. They don't have a lot of flaws, good guard play, good inside play. So this is a really good team and we've got to play to the best of our abilities to beat 'em.

Q. Bradley is a team that was down 18 in their conference tournament and battled back to win. How do you deal with a team that doesn't go away even if they're down?
MATT McQUAID: They're definitely a relentless team. They finished their conference strong. We just gotta be ready and come out with a sense of urgency, knowing they're not going to quit the whole game and staying on our toes until the end of forty minutes is up.

CASSIUS WINSTON: Definitely. They're going to play their best, you know? They're going to fight the whole time and we gotta be ready, you know? We can't be lackadaisical, anything like that. We've got to come out and play with energy and come out and play with heart.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen.

We would like to welcome Michigan State head Coach, Tom Izzo. Coach, welcome to Des Moines.

TOM IZZO: You made it sound impressive. I wish I felt that way. Thanks for having us. It's been great so far. We got in yesterday and looking forward to the game. Bradley, any team that starts out 0-5 in the league and finds a way to win 10 out of 12, win their tournament, beat a team that was in a Final Four last year and had a lot of players back in Loyola, got guards that can shoot it. Brown and Kennell can shoot it from long range and that's always the worry against a lower seed against a higher seed is a three-point shot. I've seen nights where they've made a ton of them from long, long rage, we're going to have to do a good job of defending that. They want to run. We want to run. We're adjusting without Kyle. He was 18, 20 minutes a game, and he will be not with us. He's with us, but dragging a damn boot around instead of tennis shoes. So just the way it is.

I think, in general, when you get to this time of year, I know from my career every team is here for a reason, because they have had some type of success and the excitement of getting into a NCAA Tournament will make teams better. I know it will do that to our team and I'm sure it will do that to their team.

Q. Tom, in 2007 you brought your team to Peoria to play against Bradley. The all-time attendance record in that game for Carver Arena, which still stands. What do you remember about that night? It was a close ball game. What do you remember about it?
TOM IZZO: I told Jimmy how stupid I was. Why would I come there to do that? You know, and I don't mean that insultingly, I mean I know what kind of team they were. I remember going to a luncheon that day and there were 400 or 500 people at the luncheon, and I was like, God, what did I get my hands into. It was a great atmosphere. Peoria has had great basketball for 100 years it seems like. I remember when it was stocked with high school players, kind of like our Flint. There has been some fall off maybe because of companies leaving and going and staying, but it's always been great.

My college coach and Stan Albeck who was at Northern Michigan I used to hear about Bradley forever back in those days. Rabid fans, great city, and Brian has done a very good job with this team. You know, I think they're building it back to where it needs to be.

Q. This is a little bit of a homecoming for Jack Hoiberg, and I know he's in the locker room. What has he been like for the guys in the locker room even though he's only been there a couple of years now?
TOM IZZO: I love Jack Hoiberg. I was a walk-on in college and things turned out for me okay at a Division II school. Different level, but it looked like Jack was going to go play golf. But I don't know what made Fred, his mom Carol, come over and I think there were a couple of guys on his staff at Michigan State and he came over and wanted to be a walk-on. I hope it was a great thing for him, but if you know Jack Hoiberg at all, as a worker, as a student, he's making himself as a player. Like a lot of guys, he is too small for this, too slow for that. He has been one of the best scout team players we've had. We talked about it and redshirted him for the first year and I think he's a kid I questioned whether he could play at this level early on. I told his dad a couple of years ago I think he can play at this level. And what's he like in the locker room? Last year he got along with everybody and those were the super stars. This year I don't have as many super stars, but he gets along with everybody again. I think it's his background, his mom, his dad, and his homecoming. He said he has a bunch of people coming. I couldn't be more honored to coach a kid that does it in the classroom, on the court and off court and with the work ethic he's done it with. Jack is a special player. I bet you if you asked our players they wouldn't say we don't like Jack Hoiberg, we love Jack Hoiberg.

Q. Coach, when you started this annual March habit in this event, I think it's '98 at Eastern Michigan and Princeton?
TOM IZZO: Good memory!

Q. I looked it up.
TOM IZZO: Good honesty! With a bad memory! (Laughter.)

Q. I have a really good memory, but I looked it up. I want to know what you remember from just this point, the day before, maybe, or the week before that and maybe how you might critique that coach?
TOM IZZO: That was a weird year, you know? The year started 5-4. We had gotten beat by I think Central Michigan and U of D, and I think they were talking about firing me seriously and then we went on a run and won the next 18 of 22 and it was my first NCAA Tournament as a head coach and we played Eastern Michigan and they were really good. We won that and had to play Princeton and we started kind of what I do now, 20-minute segments, get up, 20 minute segments on Princeton, have breakfast, another 20 minutes on Princeton. I understood the attention span, and that was pre-Twitter. Now we have four-minute meetings, and it's changed a little bit since Twitter has evolved.

But we found a way to beat them and that first memory I have about that weekend is right before the end of the half. Princeton was notorious for backdoor plays and we ran one on them and found a way to beat them and then went down and North Carolina took care of us. It was great start and I think anytime your first game in this tournament, although sometimes it still feels like my first game in the tournament, I just have a better idea of how to get the hotel and the tickets and everything. But the excitement of the tournament, I don't think it's ever changed for me. I love March. I love the tournament. I love the way it goes. I love playing in games and I love watching other games. I don't know what the second half of that was, but the first half was I got a lot of memories of that and I don't have to look 'em up. But I appreciate them still to this day, 22 years later.

Q. Kind of following up on that a little bit, to what extent do you do the job of telling some of your kids in the program who are about to experience this one and done atmosphere for the first time. What part do you play in helping to explain to them what it's like versus how much you rely on veteran players to tell their teammates that from a player perspective?
TOM IZZO: I'm starting to realize more and more, you know, as we all get older, we're in this weird profession where our clientele are always 17 to 22. So I think it helps to have other people telling them, you know? I've been blessed at our place. We've been at one and done mode for about three weeks now, when you think about it. We had to win so many games to win the Big Ten Can championship, and then Magic coming back to Steve Smith, and I would always ask them to talk to our guys. Then I would ask the Tum Tums, Jaren Jacksons, and Myles did a good job calling guys and telling them how to deal with those pressures. Then you get in the Big Ten tournament and you've got to win 3 and I think we have more practice now of being one and done and we haven't experienced what it means to lose and that's a good thing. But I try to tell my freshmen there are different pressures, the "my bads" go out the door because one "my bad" and we're going home.

So I try to explain it, but that's where Matt McQuaid and Kenny Goines are really helpful because he's been in the Final Four, and I think our guys know what's at stake.

Q. Tom, I wanted to ask you about the merits and the pitfalls of winning the conference tournament going into this because your teams have done it both ways. I'm wondering if winning the conference tournament can make guys maybe a little complacent or overconfident going into the first couple of rounds or whether maybe losing in a conference tournament can scare your team in a productive way?
TOM IZZO: Coaches are great creatures of habit and if we lose I'm going to say that damn conference tournament and if we win I'm going to say that real good conference tournament gave us a boost. You've got to have an excuse if you're a head coach, so I play it both ways. But what I really believe, this is new territory for me. Ninety percent of the tournament games I think we played on Friday, 90% of the 22 games, I believe we have. I'm not proactive. We picked a year where we're on a Thursday and we won the conference tournament. Is that harder? Of course it's harder, but it also, there is momentum that you gain from that, you know? The one thing I don't have, and I really don't worry about it much in my program. We play such a good schedule every year I've been there and usually we get the brains beat out of us by a couple of people. So that big ego, thinking we're better than we are, you know, Indiana who didn't make the tournament beat us twice. So we're not very cocky in that respect, but I think when you do win you do get a little confidence. I think because of the players that come back and explain to the guys what it is like. A lot of writers three years ago who got beat by Middle Tennessee thought we looked past them. We shot 50% from the field and 50% from the three. They just shot above us. They just played better than us. We got in foul trouble. We had an injury in that game to Kenny Goines, the match-up. They just beat us, and there wasn't been many times I've worried about us looking past the team or thinking we are better than somebody because that's something I try to do every single day of my life. Never forget where I came from and never forget those tragic losses, but never forget those exhilarating wins either. It's just all part of the deal. I don't believe we are going to be looking past anybody. I worry about fatigue because of the injuries and playing Sunday night and getting home at 11:30 and all the things we went through. But cocky or too confident, or go the other way, as you say, man, they came to this program to try to win a championship. They signed up for that the day they signed up and the goals and the rules have never changed. When we're down and out they don't change, and when we are really good they don't change. When we are not so good they don't change. This year's team has been consistent, if you look at our offense and defense, and hopefully that will carry us through here and win a game tomorrow.

Q. Off track here, but Iowa State is just down the road, and they're going to play an Ohio State team you're familiar with. What should people around here expect from that team?
TOM IZZO: Ohio State is a very good team. They had Wesson out for a while and early injuries, but Wesson is a monster. He got in foul trouble, he's 6'10", two whatever, but their guards are starting to play a little bit better. They had a fifth year kid in there. They're athletic. They guard pretty well. Chris is a very, very good coach. So I think it will be an hell of a match-up because I've got a chance to see Iowa State on TV and Shayok was hurt for a little while and he came back and he made a difference. So they both lost guys and got 'em back. So it should be a heck of a game. Where is that game played at?

Q. Tulsa?
TOM IZZO: Tulsa? It will be a good game.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

Q. Christen, is this what you envision the when you decided to come to Louisville? The projections were 11th in the ACC and all that. Did you think the NCAA Tournament was attainable?
CHRISTEN CUNNINGHAM: Yeah, my number one goal when I came to the University of Louisville was to be able to compete for a national title and I thought we could make the tournament from day one. So it feels good to finally achieve it and be here.

Q. This may sound like a simple question, but how did you guys get here? Not many expected you here in March. What is it about this group that has allowed you guys to make it here?
JORDAN NWORA: You know, getting here I think it's just us working hard and being tough, so really just working hard, being tough, listening to what Coach Mack and the coaching staff has preached to us all year and because of that sticking together and because of that we won a few games and did well in the ACC which got us here.

CHRISTEN CUNNINGHAM: I would say similar. We were a resilient group. We had a really tough schedule. We knew that coming into the year, but we took the motto of being stronger together and unbreakable and we used being 11th as a chip on our shoulder for motivation and knew what we wanted to achieve.

Q. Coach Mack is known for using negative motivation to fuel you guys. Has the whole Minnesota-Pitino angle been played out in practice or privately among you players and with the coaching staff as a source of motivation?
JORDAN NWORA: No, we haven't really talked about that at all, actually. We're just worried about playing Minnesota. Coach Pitino was here and now it's Coach Mack and we know that Minnesota has Coach Pitino's son, but we haven't talked about that. Minnesota is our focus going into tomorrow and doing our best that we can to win the game.

CHRISTEN CUNNINGHAM: For sure. It's kind of a sexy story line for the media, but as far as our program is concerned, we are worried about beating Minnesota and advancing. It's not about any name that's associated with the school. It's just about players going out there and making plays.

Q. What is the biggest thing that stands out about Minnesota to you guys? What do they do really well? They're a team that's won a few straight. What stands out to you?
JORDAN NWORA: Probably their big guards. Coffey is a really good player, and obviously Jordan is a great player, too, double-double machine. They can beat you up in the post. We're going to have to be physical with them, too, and just do our best against that.

CHRISTEN CUNNINGHAM: Yeah, they're a really physical team. Bigger guards and some really physical guys in the post. So we understand what they bring to the table. We just gotta match their intensity in the paint.

Q. I know you're not supposed to look ahead, but you've already beat Michigan State. When you saw this bracket did you think this is a really good route for us? Really good draw? Either one?
JORDAN NWORA: I mean, everything is going to be tough, no matter where you are in the bracket. Every team at this point in the year is going to be good. They're here for a reason. Right now we're not even looking ahead to Michigan State. Michigan State has to play Bradley first, so we're not even worried about that. Worried about playing Minnesota. They're not going to be somebody we're going to go in and trounce by 20. We've to play hard and do our best to beat those guys first, and then we will worry about the game after that. It's going to be tough regardless of who we play, but right now we're just worried about getting past Minnesota.

CHRISTEN CUNNINGHAM: I don't think we have looked ahead to Michigan State at all. Obviously, we played them earlier in the year. But I would probably say I know we're a much different team that played them and I'm positive they're probably a much different team as well. But like Jordan said, we are focused on Minnesota. Gotta take it one game at a time.

Q. Christen, what did you anticipate your role to be when you transferred to Louisville? What were you looking to provide on the court?
CHRISTEN CUNNINGHAM: I knew right away I was going to be a guy who would come in and provide leadership for this team. They had a lot of talented players but not a lot of experience. So that was one thing I wanted to come in and do is try to be a leader on and off court. As far as on the court just be a playmaker. I got a ton of great players around me, really talented. I knew it would be my job to put them into position where they could be successful.

Q. Jordan, you are the most improved player in the ACC. What do you attribute that to?
JORDAN NWORA: Just a lot of hard work in the off season, Coach Mack and my teammates pushing me and being in the weight room over the summer and also this summer playing overseas, boosting my confidence, being able to do well over there translated to being able to do well, here, too. From there, just a confidence thing, keeping that and staying in rhythm.

Q. There are so many teams in the NCAA Tournament, but you guys get the first game of the day. Does that up the ante knowing that all eyes are going to be on you guys to kick this off?
JORDAN NWORA: I think it ups the ante, kicking this thing off. But like I said earlier, we're already hyped enough for this first game. A lot of guys, it's their first time being in the tournament, and we just wanting to out and show everybody what basketball is all about.

CHRISTEN CUNNINGHAM: It's definitely cool to be the first game of the tournament and everybody is going to be watching. But also the flip side is if we don't bring it we could be the first team out of the tournament. So we are going to use it both ways. But, yeah, it's something we are looking forward to.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen.

We are joined by Louisville head Coach, Chris Mack. Coach, welcome.

CHRIS MACK: Thank you. Glad to be here, and obviously a big challenge here tomorrow against a very physical opponent in Minnesota, and, you know, it's odd to be the first game of the tournament. But that's how the draw works. So we're excited to be in Des Moines and start off the tournament.

Q. Chris, this is the first game of the tournament. There are a lot of people that think this match-up was designed for ratings or story lines or that. As you process all that, A, what do you believe along those lines; and, B, have you used some of the perceptions about it as motivational fuel for your players?
CHRIS MACK: I haven't even talked about it with our players. I just feel like it's such a special experience to make the NCAA Tournament for a few of our guys for the very first time and only time in their career. So to focus on anything other than trying to be at our best against a really good Minnesota team I think would be robbing them of the experience of being here.

You know, I don't mind, and I understand why media are going to ask about it. But here is the thing: I took over for a Hall of Fame coach. I get that. He's a terrific coach. I asked him his advice on Louisville when I took over the program, and he was nothing but gracious to me. But this is about the players and the coaches' experience in the tournament and that's it. It's no more than that. I think the Committee could have probably had a little bit more self-awareness so we don't have to be up here answering these type of questions and focusing on the student-athletes and the coaches' experience and the fan base's experience, but, you know, I can't control that.

Q. Coach, a lot of people haven't seen you play very much this year. They're going to see you play tomorrow. For people who aren't familiar with your team, how would you describe this particular group, what they've done to get here?
CHRIS MACK: That's a great question. I feel like we're a resilient group. We've been through a lot. I think we're a very together group. Sometimes that may not come out on the floor in terms of making the right play or being at our best, but the intention has always been clear with our group. We are a very, very together group, a close-knit group. It's no secret that when I took over there wasn't the greatest light around the program. I told our players in the very beginning when I met with them that they weren't the cause for it, but they could certainly be the cure for it. I think anybody that's watched us play this year, I've asked our players to be this way. I want fans or people that watch our team to say, wow, those guys play hard. They play together. They play the right way. We haven't been perfect, but I'm really proud of our group because they've done that all year long and that's all you can ask for as a coach.

Q. You've acclimated yourself to the Gophers. How much has Jordan Murphy stood out and to be 6'5" or 6'6" to be able to produce?
CHRIS MACK: He's that short? I haven't been next to him, so I don't know that. But he looks like he's 6'11" on film. He's very, very strong. I think like all great players he knows who he is. He has an identity in terms of how he plays and he doesn't try to get outside that identity. You know, you hear him in his interviews. You can tell he's really smart. He would be a great leader. I mean, to be where he's at in the history of the Big Ten rebounding the ball says a lot about the type of player and the will that he has. We're going to have to do it collectively. Some teams in the Big Ten have put their 5 on him. I've seen him seek and destroy 4's and 5's, so we have to be able to do it as a team. He jumps out on film. Like a lot of teams that make this tournament, he's not their own threat, not even close. He's just a part of their machine.

Q. Not to look ahead, but the first Michigan State game was kind of a breakthrough for your program. I think people perceive that you were further ahead maybe than they expected. In your own mind, did you see this potential that early? What told you that this had the makings of a tournament team?
CHRIS MACK: Yeah, this will have nothing to do with who is on the other side of our pairing or bracket because we're not naive enough to think that we're going to get past Minnesota. We're focused on trying to play the Gophers. I really had this belief in the summer when I worked with our players I saw their work ethic up close, their skill level. I saw the strides they were making, and I think they all, and I'm talking about our players, they all became a little bit more believers in themselves when we went to New York and played in the Barkley's, and even though they didn't win two games I remember Mike DeCourcy saying if Louisville doesn't play bad and doesn't get decimated by Tennessee or Marquette, which was a valid point from an outsider's perspective early in the season.

But we played Tennessee tooth and nail and the last five minutes couldn't score against their zone, and then we had Marquette. We had control virtually up to the last two games and I don't feel like anybody in our locker room felt like we played perfect in either of those. So when we left we felt like we could have done the job, should have done the job. Now we have to figure out what we need to do to win those type of games.

Q. Chris, you have so few players who have done any of this at the NCAA level. They haven't been through any of the trappings of the tournament. What kind of a challenge is there beyond that?
CHRIS MACK: It's basketball, and we try to be the same people whether we're in the practice facility at Drake today, at the Yum! Center or Chapel Hill, doesn't matter, you could point to all kinds of teams. UMBC last year I don't think they had ever been to a NCAA Tournament. It's not a rock in a sling shot. It's basketball. We have to be prepared like we are every game, and then we have to try to go execute that game plan to the best of our ability against a really good team.

Q. When your team has been good, it's done some pretty special things against some really good teams, maybe not for forty minutes. When you look at that, is that kinda the upside for this team? Are they that much above their heads or is it a matter of them getting to that more consistently?
CHRIS MACK: I tell our team all the time that we don't have to be perfect. Nobody that we play is going to be perfect. It's not going to require a perfect effort to win or a perfect game plan. It's just our effort and our energy and our resiliency. Those things have to be perfect. Those things have to be perfect. You might miss a shot, might miss a free throw, turn the ball over. But our effort and our energy needs to be better than our opponent's, and it needs to be consistent each and every night. That's hard. That's hard to do for a long stretch of games from October all the way through now. That's very difficult. A lot of teams can't do it. I think our team has done a great job of that. We're not always, again, perfect, but I think we've done our part.

Q. A lot of the teams that are seeded 1 or 2 are familiar to you, ridiculously so --
CHRIS MACK: I would like to thank Kenny Klein for that scheduling.

Q. What is the value at this point in the season for having gone through that gauntlet?
CHRIS MACK: I know our players feel as though there won't be a team that we'll face where we will wonder whether we can compete with them or not. I think there are a lot of teams that come into this tournament that say, hey, we want to win some games. But, man, if we're matched up against a few teams can we really play with those guys and give ourselves a chance to win? I know our group feels like we can because we have been. We've been forced to because of our schedule. We have come out on the short end of the stick, and there is a reason why they are the best teams in the country. One of the teams we played, I believe, will be holding a National Championship trophy if it's not us. That's the type of schedule we have played. I think it should give our guys great confidence if we stay within ourselves and play with great energy and do what we work on every single day, that would be good enough to keep us there down the stretch to win a game.

Q. If it's not you, who?
CHRIS MACK: I don't know. It could be different teams on different nights.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

Q. For both the Martin twins, what's your first memory of Jalen, and how well do you know his game going into the contest?
CALEB MARTIN: We're really close with Jalen, our first memory is playing an AAU team loaded with him and I forget exactly we met, but I just know that our coach used to call him a primadonna all the time, because he has to get going. He is at his own pace. He's a relaxed, chill dude and it would take him a few minutes to get going in the first half, but once he did he was really smooth. He was dabbing lose balls and really gritty, so they didn't understand how Jalen worked at first. That's our guy. As soon as he saw the name pop up that we were playing us, he sent me emojis, me and Cody, and I've been talking to him throughout the year and that's my boy. I got a lot of love for him, but whenever we play we can't be friends.

CODY MARTIN: Same thing, remember him from AAU, feels like forever ago. He's a pro. He's got size. He's athletic. He can really play, can shoot the ball well. I don't know, I think it's going to be really, really fun and it's going to be really competitive and we haven't got to see him in a while. The last time we saw him was going through the process of the NBA workouts. It's been nice to keep in touch throughout the season and we got a little text and it's going to be good to see him and once we get on the court all that goes out the window. Somebody's gotta win.

Q. For Jazz and either Cody or Caleb, Jordan Caroline, how is he as a teammate, to hangout with, something about his personality?
JAZZ JOHNSON: I'm really close with Jordan. He's goofy, an incredible teammate. He's really all about the team trying to make sure everybody is good, morale is high. He's the jokester on the team, him and Trey. But he's overall a really fun guy to be around.

CALEB MARTIN: Really good dude to be around, really funny, see him on the court, get-after-it type of dude and really play-angry type of guy. But off court he's a good dude, man. He's one of the best teammates I could ask for and just really goofy, like Jazz said, brings a good vibe, a good energy. Really good dude to be around. Couldn't ask for anything better, honestly.

CODY MARTIN: When he's on the court, he looks mean and aggressive, but he's a lot more outgoing than people think. A lot of people don't get to see the other side of him, rather than being on the court, just what they see on TV. He's outgoing. He's funny. Love having him around. He's always a good time.

Q. Seniors, how have your past NCAA Tournament experiences, how will that help you this week and what's it like with your last chance going around this time?
CALEB MARTIN: Always being in a tournament like this, it's always good to experience this no matter how it goes from previous times being here. It just helps you with knowing that the main thing coming to this tournament is keeping your composure. You just don't know how the crowd will be or how the game will go or anything like that because everyone is playing their best at this time of year. You can expect guys that you might not expect to be playing well can come out and be a spark for other teams and same thing for your team. Guys who might have had a slow start to the year could be one of the biggest factors of advancing to the tournament.

It's one of those things you expect the unexpected, at least try your best to and keep a level head no matter how the game is going.

CODY MARTIN: I think the biggest thing learning from my past experience is don't make it bigger than it actually is and just realize that it's just another game and you've been playing basketball all season. I think sometimes when you build it up in your head and you try to play different you do things different and you approach it different, rather than the same thing you've been doing all season. Because at the end of the day we're all going out there with the same teammates. You're playing the same steps and the same way. I think it's having a consistent approach so you don't try to do too much.

I think a lot of our experience and how old are guys are is going to play a big part in how we do consistency-wise and having that experience on our side and understanding that consistency is the biggest thing for us and having that mindset and that approach will benefit us in the long run.

Q. For the twins, you are on a team with a lot of transfers. You transferred yourself, a lot of experience. What's it like being on a team with so much experience and so many players who came from other schools?
CALEB MARTIN: Like you said, experience in college basketball is everything. I learned that quickly my freshman year at NC State getting to play in the tournament, we got to go to the Sweet 16 that year, too. So I got to see how much experience played a role in advancing to this type of tournament and winning games in general. One thing I will say for our team even though we do have a lot of experience it's a lot of guys' first time in this tournament. So when it comes to this tournament we don't have that much experience and things are played a little bit differently and guys on other teams play a lot better. It's one of the things we're learning on the fly. It's a lot of guys' first times here, so it's one of those things we're going to have grow up and learn really quickly how things are going to go from the tip and you don't really have too much time to prepare.

So just trying to, you know, I think our staff does a great job of preparing us to the best of their ability and they do a really great job of letting us know the realm of things, what's going to go on, and I think we will be prepared really well for it.

CODY MARTIN: I think experience is going to be really, really good for us. We have a lot of older guys that's been in a lot of games, played in a lot of games.

I think, you know, playing obviously in a tournament like this is huge. But I think it ties back to just being consistent and having the same approach and just understand that it's basketball at the end of the day. Our team and our staff approaches every game like it's a championship. So us being in an environment like this, obviously there is a lot more eyes and people watching. But at the end of the day we're playing basketball. It's a lot different from having a freshman who has been in there and throwing them in a fire like this than older guys who have played basketball for a long time and have a lot of games under their belt and throwing them into an environment like this it's nothing new. It's basketball at the end of the day, and we just, you know, play like we've been playing all season and just try to figure out a way to get it done.

Q. Jazz, how is it for you coming into a new program and have you been able to fill the expectations that you had for yourself?
JAZZ JOHNSON: It's been a really fun experience, honestly. I had a lot of questions coming in, obviously and you know a lot of doubts but, you know, through working hard and staying in the gym and talking to my teammates, talking to Cody, Caleb, Jordan, guys who have obviously been through it. It's really just an eye opener. Especially, you know, being in a tournament like this, I ask a lot of questions not as of recent, but during my sit-out year and throughout the season I would ask Cody and Caleb and JC a lot of questions about the tournament, what it's like and like they were saying, we do have a lot of older guys. I think the biggest thing is just for, you know, for the guys like me who it's our first time it's important for us to learn as much as we can and try to get that experience through talking to them, instead of, you know, because we didn't have the be opportunity to be in the tournament ourselves. So a lot of it comes from being curious and asking those hard questions in order to figure out what it's really like.

Q. Cody, obviously this team doesn't have one big-time scorer, but six guys that score 8 points per game. You're the defensive anchor for this team. Who is the guy that you have to stop when you look at the head of the snake to defend them? 1CODY MARTIN: Like you said, there is not one person you can key on because at the all score the ball really well and they share the ball. They do a great job of actually everyone getting a touch, everyone being able to have that green light. So that's what kinda makes them dangerous, so there is not one person we can key on. It's going to be a team effort on our part. It's not going to be one person that we can single out and try to double team or whatever the case is. We're going to have to play and a lot of them are really great scorers and they can go one-on-one ball a lot of times.
So it's going to be our job as a group and a whole to be able to help each other out at the same time. Just realistically just have the same principles we have had all season when it comes to playing defense and they do a great job of rebounding. They're a really great team, so we're going to have to be prepared when it comes to their offensive game and we're going to have to have to play all thirty seconds and make sure we end it with a rebound.

Q. Jazz, a very good defense team in Florida, top 15 in the nation. What do they do so well on that side of the ball that has given SEC opponents troubles?
JAZZ JOHNSON: You have to credit Hayes, one of the top shot blockers in history, and he's down there and they do a great job of packing the paint and to hold teams to 63 points a game. For them to be in the SEC that's a major accomplishment. It's just really important that, you know, we key in on what we can do and we figure out what we can do to score because that's what makes them who they are. They play defense and they make sure they crash the boards and rebound and they defend at a high level.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen. We're pleased to welcome head coach Eric Musselman of the Nevada Wolf Pack. Coach, welcome to Des Moines.

ERIC MUSSELMAN: Thank you, appreciated it. Well, we're excited to play a 40-minute game tomorrow against a really well-coached Florida team that has a lot of weapons and I think our guys are in a good physical spot right now and we look forward to the challenge.

Q. You're undefeated in the nonconference, beat some good teams then you go to New Mexico and get thumped. How did you turn that around and what was the mindset there?
ERIC MUSSELMAN: Well, we did get thumped, and it happens in college basketball. It happens in the NBA. It happens in the NFL. It happens in college football. That's the one game that we felt like, you know, we weren't in the game so to speak. Our other losses we felt like a couple missed shots, block out here, we could have won. But that was the one game we played really bad.

I think for our guys they did a phenomenal job. There was a lot of preseason hype and our guys it did an incredible job in nonconference. We got to conference play, played in a lot of sold-out buildings. It's been a learning experience all year for all of us because court stormings has been the thing the last year and a half when we have lost. It happened last year at Wyoming and you know some of our guys, the coaching staff, it's been new to have that. But I think our guys to be 29-4. Look everybody in college basketball has a goal. How do you get to the NCAA Tournament? Doesn't matter if you're coaching in the Big Ten or playing in the ACC it's how do you get to this tournament. We're here and we're looking forward to playing a really, really good basketball team tomorrow.

Q. Jordan Caroline was telling us he feels like a 10 out of 10, very fresh. How crucial were those six days off for the injury he was dealing with?
ERIC MUSSELMAN: I think Jordan is in a great spot from a physical standpoint. He was held out, like I said, off the Mountain West for precautionary reasons because of the fact that he did feel like he had a lingering injury. So we felt that was the best decision at the time because we certainly would not have wanted to come into this situation minus a player of his caliber.

Not always easy decisions, but I think as a coach, as a program, you've got to make the best decision for a student-athlete and then you always think long-term and short-term goals and you gotta think about what's in the best interest of everybody, so that was in the best interest.

Q. Continuing on Jordan, what has he meant to your program through his career and the players were talking about how he's kind of goofy, maybe keeps people loose. How important has that been?
ERIC MUSSELMAN: Jordan is one of the first players I recruited the first year at Nevada. He sat out and it was a player development year. Some of the things we talked about on his recruiting visit were, how do we improve his perimeter skills? How do we improve him as a three-point shooter? He came to us as an undersized five man at his prior university and this year he's been a small forward for us. There's not many players in the country. Last year, 24 hours from now he was guarding Mo Bamba and fronting him at his size and battling for rebounds, and now he's a small forward for us. So he's made a dramatic shift in his game from a versatility standpoint as is Cody Martin. A year ago, Cody Martin was our starting power forward and now he's our are starting point guard. I'm really proud of the development that a lot of our guys have had in a very short time frame.

Q. Your team has had a lot of transfers. Why have you made that a cornerstone in Nevada?
ERIC MUSSELMAN: I think, number one, it's the nature of our society. My son played on about fifteen different AAU teams. Guys are unhappy with their roles. They go to a new AAU team. Guys are playing at three, four different high schools now. When many of us in this room were growing up, nobody transferred from any college, not a student, and not student-athletes. Right now there's already 320-some guys in the portal as of this morning and we're still playing basketball. I don't think it's just Nevada. I think you look at some great, historical programs that now have grad transfers or transfers. But we had to find a niche. We wanted to be as good as we could as quick as could but yet have sustainability. So we took kind of an NBA format. We looked at high school guys kind of as draft pick and transfers as like an NBA free agent as we tried to put the pieces together. Sometimes it gets lost, the freshmen that we brought in because Lindsey Drew and Cameron Oliver were part of our first class and they were freshmen and we rolled with them and played them a ton of minutes but certainly our roster is full of transfers.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, thanks.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. For each of you, your thoughts on where the team is at right now and what's going to be important tomorrow against Louisville?
JORDAN MURPHY: I think our team is in a good place, confident going into tomorrow. We're still figuring out our game plan and stuff like that and figuring out our plan of attack. Obviously, it's a very important game to us. Means a lot to our young guys and our older guys going out in a good way. I think that's about it.

DUPREE McBRAYER: Still figuring some things out on how we are going to guard and stuff, but we feel really good about tomorrow.

Q. The angle in our town is Rick Pitino and Richard Pitino and all of that. Does that cross your consciousness in Minnesota? Does it even come up?
JORDAN MURPHY: No, not at all. We probably see those headlines all the time and we take it with a grain of salt and pass by it. It's not something our team is focused on. It's about our team versus Louisville and that's it.

DUPREE McBRAYER: I've been telling the guys from day one it's not about the Pitino family. It's about Minnesota versus Louisville and knowing that our coach came from Louisville and it's just Minnesota versus Louisville. We will be fine.

Q. In the absence of other questions, how much contact have you had with the senior Pitino? How much has he been at your practices? Have you learned anything from him about basketball? Take all the other stuff out of it.
JORDAN MURPHY: We really haven't had a lot of contact with him. Obviously, he got a new coaching job overseas. So we haven't had a lot of contact with him this year. Obviously, you see him tweeting all the time and giving us his best regards. So I think that's about the most part, but we appreciate his support wherever he is at.

DUPREE McBRAYER: Before he got his job over in Greece he was able to give us pointers, and that's about it. He's in Greece, and like Murph said, we see his tweets giving us his best regards. We thank him for his support.

THE MODERATOR: Gentlemen, thank you very much.

At this time, we have Richard Pitino, University of Minnesota Golden Gophers. They are making their second NCAA appearance and second in the last three years under Richard Pitino. Coach?

RICHARD PITINO: Excited to be here. The grind of a regular season is a lot, and the goal is obviously going to an NCAA Tournament. So that in itself is a great accomplishment. Proud of our guys to be able to bounce back from a lot of things out of their control last year to get back to an NCAA Tournament with five new players, starting two freshmen, playing one of the toughest schedules in the country and obviously one of the best conferences in all of college basketball.

To be here is great. We move on to a new season. Celebration is over and now it's time to go compete for a championship and play a really, really good Louisville team.

Q. Richard, of all the teams you could have played in the first game here it's Louisville. What was your reaction when you saw that team in the bracket opposite you?
RICHARD PITINO: Well, I was wanting to know where we were playing. Location is important to me. Then I wanted to know what day we were playing because we got a little injury with Matz. I was hoping that we would play Friday. But other than that it was more about okay, how does Louisville play? It's get to work. Watch film on them. Put together a game plan.

You know, all that other stuff didn't even really cross my mind to be honest. It was doing my very best to put ourselves in a position to play a really good Louisville team, a very well-coached Louisville team.

Q. With Jordan Murphy, how has he picked your brain over the years to try to become a better player, and how have you seen him do that?
RICHARD PITINO: Jordan is a thinker. He's not one of those guys you yell and scream at. He's analytical. You more need to talk to him about his game. Every big guy in the country has an identity crisis. They want to be outside. They want to be shooting threes. They want to do those things, and Murph did can do that. He can shoot threes, but he knows where his bread is buttered. We've talked about that. And we've told them not to deviate from where he is. Do great at what you're good at. Obviously, with Murph it's a process of me and him communicating all the time about where we can put him in a position to succeed. He's a real coachable kid.

Q. You picked up things from your dad along the way coaching in the tournament. Have you picked up X's and O's or mentality? This team is good at relaxing at this time of year. Was it more strategy or mentality you picked up along the way?
RICHARD PITINO: I would say the coaches you are around. The X and O part you are going to do what you feel comfortable with, but it's that environment that you take from and the culture that they build and the way they are at times like this in March. I've been lucky to be around it, obviously, growing up my whole life. As an assistant coach I was in several tournaments as well. You've got to make it about the game. You've got to enjoy this. You've got to enjoy the exposure and the spotlight being on your program. You've got to enjoy these open practices, be in front of fans and to do these things. But then you've got to make it about basketball. That's the biggest things. You've got to execute. You've got to go tough. It's a single-elimination tournament, and playing at this level in the Big Ten tournament we were able to get two wins in single-elimination games. So I think we understand that part of it, but we've also got new guys that haven't been here before. So that may be a new adjustment period throughout the course of the game as well.

Q. Your dad is not known for holding his tongue, but he has not tweeted about this game. He has not texted as far as I know about this game. Has he been asked to be quiet?
RICHARD PITINO: Not by me. We spoke. Normally he would listen if I told him to be quiet. I think you know better than that. No, I spoke to him once. He's in Greece. Not easy to get ahold of people in Greece. We didn't talk much about anything other than he asked about Matz, how he's doing, asked about the team. At the end of the day my focus is totally on helping our team be put in a position to succeed, not a whole lot else more than that.

Q. When you talk about the job and I know you and Luke Murray are friends. The job that they've done and that the staff has done and you knew the guys and the job that Chris has done this season?
RICHARD PITINO: It's been really good. Whenever you're bringing in fifth year seniors. Do they have a true freshman on the roster? They don't. Obviously, with them coming in here and scrapping together a pretty good roster, obviously Jordan Juarez one of the most improved players in the country. Offensively what they run is tough. Defensively very good and what Chris Mack did at Xavier is phenomenal. I've got a lot of respect about what they do. I think Chris does a terrific job. Luke is one of the best up-and-coming assistant coaches in the country. I wouldn't be surprised if he gets a head coaching job at some point soon. He is really, really connected. So all those guys do a great job. I think Chris will win big there.

Q. Coach, you mentioned mental toughness. Is this team tougher mentally than any of your past teams and if the answer is yes, why?
RICHARD PITINO: I think some of 'em are. You know, anytime you get whether it's the Big Ten or any of these power conferences you need to try to stay old to the best of your ability. It's hard to do with transfers and deflections and so on, but when you got Michael Hurt, Jordan Murphy, Eric Curry, Dupree McBrayer, guys like that who have played in the NCAA Tournament and who have finished in the top 4 in the Big Ten, played on the road in the Big Ten, went undefeated two years ago. Those are the guys that need to be the voices. The other guys need to follow suite from there. That's what being part of a winning program is about. You need guys in your locker room to step up and I think we've got really good leadership in there. They don't get real emotional. They're not too high, they're not too low. I try to be that way and I think the personnel is as well. They go about their business. They're not about a beat your chest type of team. You make a three you're not going to see a bow and arrow. They're just going to get back on defense, and that's the way I like it. They're a fun group to be around.

Q. Coach, update us on Matz?
RICHARD PITINO: We held him out yesterday, slowly coming back, getting a little bit better. That will be a game-time decision, but he got popped pretty good in that Purdue game. So we've got to make sure we're careful with him and do what's best for him.

Q. Jarvis has a unique role on your team. Talk about that?
RICHARD PITINO: We did a military team building thing in the fall and you do a bunch of team building exercises, and Jarvis, they've done the program for seven or eight years and at the end of it they give an MVP t-shirt to the best leaders and at the end of it Jarvis was one of the two best leaders. Crazy good quality leadership. Played off and on. You would never know it. He is on the bench, not afraid. We talked about vulnerability. Russell Westbrook is one guy. He is not afraid to compete, and that's Jarvis. He is not afraid to be emotional and pour himself into the team. He came in that game versus Michigan and everybody was exhausted and he was like the Energizer bunny, because he plays so hard. So I think his future is bright.

Q. What has Matz meant to the team this year especially with Curry going down?
RICHARD PITINO: Curry does down right before the Purdue game and Matz hadn't played a lot. He played in the nonconference and did some good things. But with Curry going down Matz comes into the game with 7 blocks, 9 rebounds, 6 points, and changed the game. That's what being part of a team is all about, being ready to go, not feeling sorry for yourself when you don't play. He's a terrific, terrific kid. He's been a valuable member of the team. He's never pouted and never felt sorry for himself. That's what being a team member is all about, being ready when your number is called. It's crucial. We will hopefully have him back tomorrow and I don't know if we will or not, hopefully he gets healthy more than anything.

Q. I know earlier this week you said this isn't about you versus Louisville, but as you get closer to the game how do you control those emotions and make sure they don't seep into your preparation?
RICHARD PITINO: As you get closer, more and more it's about the game. It's been that way from day one. I think when you see Louisville pop up you are more about okay, what am I going to say to the media? How am I going to lie to the media? I think you have to be prepared for those questions. But from an emotional standpoint when you play in the Big Ten there are so many emotional games. I learned that. I'm only 36. As a young head coach you have to keep your emotions in check. I think I do a pretty decent job of that but that ball goes up and I'm watching film and I'm watching Louisville play, it's not about who the name on the front of the jersey is. I'm watching a really good team Louisville, a well-prepared team with a lot of talent, and how can I put myself into a position to beat them and I know it's going to be difficult.

Q. For Johnson, it's been a complex path over the last four years for him. He had a big moment on senior night. What has he brought to the team?
RICHARD PITINO: Jarvis Johnson was an important recruit for me when I got to the Twin Cities. He was a fringe guard. We thought he would fit us well. The cool thing about Jarvis is he signed with a third year head coach, to believe in me and when he's been here he's provided unbelievable leadership. He is a voice in the locker room, regardless of the fact that he plays and he talked about the right things. He's been appreciative. His family has been appreciative. You don't always get that as well, so he's been a very, very valuable member of our program and unfortunately hasn't been able to play. But we all see the big picture and we are happy that he's going to be able to graduate.

Q. NCAA was asked if anybody in the room said, "Is this a good idea to match Louisville and Minnesota," chose not to comment. What is your thought on that? Should this game have been played or should they have found a way to match you with somebody else?
RICHARD PITINO: I don't have a whole lot of opinion on it because when I'm sitting there Selection Sunday I'm looking around. I'm excited about the fact that I know we're in the NCAA Tournament. I'll play whoever. I'm excited. There is not one part of me that isn't 1000% honored, appreciative, humbled by the fact that we're in the NCAA Tournament. It's a hard tournament to go to, only 19% of our college basketball teams get to go to it. So you never are going to hear me ever complain about anything that we play. Like I said, I got tons of respect for their program. Their coaching staff does a really good job. So I'm going to be very, very excited tonight leading up to this game and tomorrow. Doesn't matter who we play. I'm just grateful for the opportunity.

Q. You mentioned Jordan, but also Steven Enoch and Malik Williams and other guys that can step out and hit the three. How do they affect the game?
RICHARD PITINO: The way that they play is a coaches dream. We've got five guys that can step out and shoot. Malik can knock down a shot. Enoch is so big down low and the fact that he could hit a three is a different dimension as well, and anytime you have pick-and-pop and pick-and-roll, I think we've got really good personnel. I think Chris does a good job of putting them in the right spots to put you in a bind and make you make decisions.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.


Q. For either of you, you guys sit at 0-5 in conference play. What are the biggest things that change for your team to turn things around?
ELIJAH CHILDS: I think one thing is staying with the game plan, staying together as a team, encouraging each other day-by-day, staying in the gym, keep working hard. As Coach says, stay with the game plan and keep level headed, and we knew we would come out of this slump. It's just a matter of time and that's what we did and we got the job done.

DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: Kinda what Elijah said. We had a meeting, spoke about the season as a whole and if we still wanted to pursue and keep going and finish off strong and everybody was committed to our work ethic and we were committed to a change and win the first game and keep our momentum rolling to where we are now.

Q. When was that meeting, Dwayne, and who led it? Was there a certain point that made you think, okay, we've got to get this turned around? Second thing, in addition to just the attitude you took, did you guys start playing at a faster pace or make defense changes around that time?
DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: After we went 0-3, we sat down and spoke. But there was a big meeting after the fifth loss. The seniors came together as well as the rest of the players and the coaching staff and we sat down and said this hasn't started the way we wanted to, but we have time to change. I don't think we made major adjustments. We concentrated on the little things. We're a team that defends, rebounds, and breaks well on off. We tried to remain true to ourselves and maintain our identity, and once we got things clicking it started rolling and the confidence grew and once the confidence grew everybody started playing their roles even better than they were before and that's what really helped.

Q. Can you please tell me what stands out to you each individually when you watch the Spartans on tape scouting them?
ELIJAH CHILDS: Just the way they run the offense. They play at their pace. They don't beat themselves. We've got to come in and execute our game plan and play at our pace and do what we do. Just another thing, offensive rebounding and rebounding on both ends, everybody gotta box out and rebound, and if we can play a half court game I think we will be in great shape.

DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: Yeah, their bigs run really well the floor, which is something we were impressed with. They're physical. They rebound, but they play a lot like us which is kinda cool. We ought to match-up really well. They do a lot of things well. They compete. They defend and they rebound. It should be a good game because it's two teams similar to each other playing against each other.

Q. Dwayne, if you could tell the story of how you made it from London to Bradley, how that happens? Elijah, there are players from seven different countries including the United States. If you could describe what it's like and maybe what you learned about different cultures or things that maybe surprised you or how it's helped you grow or expand your viewpoint?
ELIJAH CHILDS: I think it's been pretty fun playing with international guys not from the U.S. I've learned a lot about them and I learned their style of play and our style of play and going over there, I took an overseas trip. I think I learned a lot and learned how things operate and how things go over there. It's been fun playing with these guys, and I love 'em like my brother. We can make a run in the tournament.

DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: My story is kinda funny. I played for a team in Bristol and they had a couple of Americans on the team. From word of mouth, one of my teammates spoke to people in America because he knew I wanted to play college basketball. I don't know how it managed to happen, but word of mouth ended up getting my name to Coach Drew Adams when he was leaving New Mexico and just got hired by the Coach Wardle at Bradley. He messaged me on Facebook, said he liked the film and he wanted me to come on a visit with my mother. I came on my visit, maybe a week after we actually spoke. I loved my visit and I committed before leaving Bradley. The coach said they wanted to change the program from the ground up and said I would be a part of it from the start and I was sold on that and to be able to take the program from where it was my freshman year until now is incredible.

Q. Dwayne, this week in practice Kenny Goins talked about you guys do do things scrappy like they do. Is there a sense of excitement this is going to be a physical, bang-it-out battle, is that kind of like what basketball should be. Do you enjoy that aspect?
DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: We thrive on it. We are a group of competitors. We do it every day in practice and this is exciting. This is what March basketball is all about. I grew up in London wanting to be a part of this and now to be able to play a game like this is just exciting. We are all pumped and ready to go.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen.

We are joined by the Bradley Braves head coach. They won the Mississippi Valley Conference Championship. They will be making their ninth appearance and first since 2006. They will play Michigan State. Welcome Head Coach, Brian Wardle.

BRIAN WARDLE: Thank you. We always enjoy coming to Des Moines and have had tremendous hospitality and we're excited to play in the NCAA Tournament, excited to be back after 13 years and excited for the program. Couldn't be prouder of our group. We've had a great group of practice. I think the focus is at a high level. We know we're up against a great challenges against a great time, a great coach. I know our guys are excited in getting out and showcasing what Bradley is about, but more importantly what Missouri Valley is about.

Q. Brian, Michigan State and you are both gritty teams, grind-it-out teams, you do the little things. As a coach, is it fun to compete with people who mirror you and play that same kinda game?
BRIAN WARDLE: Absolutely. I would say we mirror Michigan State in a way. I have a lot of respect for Coach Izzo. I had Mike as my coach at Marquette. Tom Crean who came from the Tom Izzo tree, and a lot of what we do is man-to-man, rebounding is an emphasis for us. We like to get up and down when the opportunities are there and push it and then we will try to execute in the half court. It's a great challenge. The competitor in me is excited about the opportunity and I know our guys are, too.

Q. Coach, you had an extra week to prepare over Michigan State. Do you see that as an advantage or a detriment?
BRIAN WARDLE: It's hard to tell. I called a lot of coaches especially from our league that have had success in the tournament with our time gap between our tournament and the NCAA. Asked them what were some of the things you did? What did you try to do? I thought our game plan as a staff was pretty accurate on what most teams did. We tried to do as many things as game speed as possible. We scrimmaged a little bit, but we also got the rest. Will we be rusty? I hope not. We had a great practice this morning. It was intense. It was up and down, and I think it's been important that we scrimmage a little bit to try to stay as sharp as possible. But this time of year I know players want to play. They don't want to sit around very long at all. Once you get to January that's their mentality. Keeping them engaged and sharp, I think we've done a pretty good job of that. But tomorrow will tell.

Q. Coach, I know that the situation with Dave Reynolds was resolved over the weekend. But I kinda think we need to ask on one level, why did you think that you had that perception of what the local coverage there was like? What do you think you ultimately learned from that entire situation as you try to move forward with how you work with everybody as the years go on?
BRIAN WARDLE: Well, I had a great talk with Dave face-to-face on Sunday, and I apologized to him for not handling the situation very well.

We had a great talk, and we're excited to meet after the season and work some things out and continue to build our relationship. I learned a lot. I think what's important is that when you talk to your team, we've built this program on, you know, high character young men, accountability, responsibility, discipline, unselfishness, being honest communicators, and we've grown the program every year and improved it every year.

I think in the classroom, in the community, and on the floor, one of the things you teach your kids a lot is what's hard for them is when you make a mistake you've gotta admit it. You gotta own it and then you've got to teach a lot of young men now if apology is necessary then you've got to apologize and own it and then you've got to learn from it and grow and move on. That lesson, I tell my kids all the time, I've done it before and I did it on Sunday again. I think hopefully we've all learned that you own things, you move on, you learn and you grow and you keep moving forward and you try not to repeat mistakes.

Q. Coach, obviously none of your players have played in the NCAA Tournament, but this is a first for you. Who do you look to in preparing for something like this?
BRIAN WARDLE: Well, you reach out to your mentors and you talk to, like I said, I talked to other coaches about the preparation side of things. A lot of them said just really enjoy it. Especially for your student-athletes, for your young men, enjoy the moment. We fear none, respect all. We're coming into compete now and we're coming into play. But I want these guys to enjoy the moment out here, enjoy the media, enjoy the hotel, enjoy the Bradley fans that will be here and take in those memories, because life is about memories. You forget the games. You forget your stats. I tell 'em all the time when you get to my age you forget all that stuff. But you remember the bonding, the hotel, your teammates, all the fun stories in practice, on the bus, and I said try to soak all that in as much as you can because that's what it's all about.

Q. Brian, when you watch Michigan State on film can you give us your initial thoughts? I know we talked about them playing like you, but your initial thoughts and breakdown?
BRIAN WARDLE: When you call other coaches and you know what Michigan State stands for, you know what their identity is, that's why they're a great program. They have that strong identity. They're very good in transition. You gotta get back and you gotta rebound with them, right? You have to rebound with them. Then everyone talks about the toughness, the physicality, all of that I hear. But when I watch on film and I studied them Sunday night and the last two days, they're a very smart team. They do not beat themselves.

I love how they're all stars in their role. You look at their team, no one goes outside their lane. They stay in their lane. They do their job and they do it very, very well. They don't try to take crazy shots from three if they're not a three shooter. They do their job in their roles and that's why they're consistent, I think, even through some injuries. That's why they're a really good program.

Q. You know, there's a real international flavor to your roster this year. Besides learning how to become a team on the floor, what has the whole cultural learning been for this particular group of players and how has that kind of impressed itself upon you, I guess this year, too?
BRIAN WARDLE: It's been great for all of us. We had a chance to go to the London and Netherlands this summer and Delo and Luuk's home. Having guys from different diversities, different cultures. We do presentations in the summertime every year where everyone talks about their home city and family and all the traditions they have with their family just to get educated on a whole different side, really way of thinking in a way and a way of living and I think I say great for our guys to experience it. For example this morning, we were having breakfast. Luuk is the last one to finish his meal. The whole team laughs because Luuk is a slow eater. When Luuk came to me, he goes, why is everyone in a rush here? I like to take my time. We take our time over in the Netherlands, so things like that for our guys to experience and talk about is a lot of fun for our group.

Q. I was just talking to your point guard and obviously we were talking about Michigan State's point guard and that match-up. How do you assess your teams are both led by point guards. What do you think Darrell can do well against a guy like Cassius?
BRIAN WARDLE: I think Darrell has done a great job all year and done an unbelievable job of not only having the pressure of having the ball in his hands a lot, just getting double teamed, getting bigger, always getting the best defender on him during the game. For Darrell, though, we gotta get out in transition. He is a weapon on the floor. You can't measure a person's heart. I think he has a huge heart and a huge work ethic. He has all the intangibles you want in a point guard. He can change a game in a minute or two. There are not many guys that can do that, but Darrell is that for us. He is a constant threat on the floor. He can rally off three or four three-pointers, and he's done that for us all year. If we can set good screens for him, get him going, then the rest takes care of himself. For Darrell, it's all, gas no brakes. I say that all year. When he has the gas pedal down the whole game and never lets off, he's going to be productive.

Q. Coach, Lugman stepped up in that game against UNI. Who is going to step up like he did?
BRIAN WARDLE: We are at our best playing as a team. We have unselfish kids. Whoever is hot at the time that's who they will be talking about in the huddle. Let's get him the ball, let's get him the ball. Everyone was saying, let's get L the ball. Lugman hasn't been a threat all year, but that's who was hot. Whoever is matching up against us and is doing well, that's who we will attack.

Q. Coach, you have a close draw to Peoria. How well do you think they will travel here and how will that benefit for you?
BRIAN WARDLE: I think you will see a lot of red tomorrow. We are hoping. You just never know in the selection process where you fall, but a lot of our fans were hoping it would be here. It's a four, four and a half hour drive for us and it's not too far and we got a lot of fans in Chicago. It's a 5-hour trip from there. I think you will see a lot of Braves fans, and we call 'em the Red Sea. But you will see a lot of Red Sea fans in the arena tomorrow.

Q. Obviously, the fact that you guys were down so much in the championship game in what's essentially a tournament game. How do you think that translates, if tomorrow you do get down against a team like Michigan State there is no fear in this team. What are those processes like?
BRIAN WARDLE: I think it's a resiliency we have had throughout the year. It's a connected, committed group to each other. We've matured a lot as a group. It's become a player-lead team, I always say that. Leadership and getting from a coach-led team to a player-led team, there is no doubt we did that. But we do not want to be down 18 to Michigan State tomorrow. Let me make that clear, and we do not want to have 15 points at halftime like we did because they're too explosive of a team as we all know. Down two, three, four possessions our group is going to battle. We have shown that all year. We have heart. We have toughness, and even if the shots aren't falling we've got to stay committed to the defense and the rebounding. If we can do that, we can play with anybody.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, wish you the best of luck tomorrow. Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Jalen, I'm curious what it's like for you to match-up with the Martin twins. Obviously, you guys go way back.
JALEN HUDSON: I'm excited. I actually won the last match-up against them when they were at NC State and I was at Virginia Tech. I know they're going to be super competitive and honestly I consider them family. I'm just excited to see them. It's been a long time. I'm excited and looking forward to tomorrow.

Q. Looking at the season, there have been any number of times in which you guys could have gone into a mental bad place, roller coaster, ups and downs, big wins, frustrating losses. How have you guys been resilient enough to get here and with this fresh start of the tournament even though it's one and done what kind of energy do you have to make a run like any team could?
JALEN HUDSON: All these post-season games are considered new seasons. So right now we're 0-0. I don't count the SEC Tournament for now. I'm excited to get our feet wet again in another postseason game. As far as the season, we're not looking back at all. During the season, obviously we have ups and downs. But like you said, it's a fresh start now, especially in the NCAA Tournament. Just looking forward to getting our feet wet and competing and playing hard and some of us for the last time with Florida across our chest. So just excited to compete.

KEVARRIUS HAYES: We have been able to stick together by drawing close to one another, relying on each other as far as moving forward, all the frustrating losses, you know, rough times, I feel like we just want to be able to overcome all of that because we all have a positive mindset. Coach talks about learning from the losses and then even from our wins, kinda keep building on the positives and fixing the things we do wrong. Like he said, it is a new season, 0-0, coming out the right mindset and coming out and play the way we play.

Q. Curious what you think of the Wolf Pack. There will be several guys on each side with a lot of experience in this tournament so it could be a fun match-up?
JALEN HUDSON: They're a very experienced team. Obviously, they have had a lot of success. They are a mid-major team though. I don't think they've seen a team like us in a long time. I know they had a match-up with USC and I think it was another high major team they kind of had trouble with. So I'm just excited to bring our SEC vibe to the game and see how they kinda can match-up with that. Obviously they're a very good team. I know the Martin twins well. They've played at a very high level in the ACC at NC State. I don't know the other guys, but I know they can play and a bunch of them have transferred as well. So I think it will be a good match-up for both teams.

KEVARRIUS HAYES: This team has a lot of experience as far as a lot of seniors and transfers and it will be interesting to go up against them. I know they're talented players from the perimeter down to the post. I feel like it will be a good way to test our strengths and some of our weaknesses right now and just kind of give it all we got. The Martin twins are very good and they've got a lot of three-point shooters. We're going to stick to what we do, play our principles.

Q. Kevarrius, you're playing some of your best basketball. You're averaging over 11 points. What do you attribute that to?
KEVARRIUS HAYES: Staying the course, working on it a lot, just trying to get shots just about every day, anytime I can. It's kind of starting to show and pay off a little more, the confidence to hit the mid-range shot like I did in one of our games. Just kinda keep building on that. I feel like I always play hard in every game. So that's never going to go away. I'm just going to keep building on that.

Q. Kevarrius, do you think there is something about this team playing better given the rotation has shrunk a little bit? You guys, all five starters averaging over 30 minutes a game last week in the SEC tournament and Mike says you all are playing your best basketball right now. Is there a coincidence there or is this the best lineup for you guys right now?
KEVARRIUS HAYES: I feel like we owe that to our chemistry, how we are off court. It's starting to transition on the court, understanding each other's play style and playing around our strengths and even then our bench is actually really good. When they come in they keep up the energy, and I feel like that's what we do very well. We keep the energy going. When we have a lot of energy in our games we send a snowball after of that even when something goes wrong we can band together. Everybody has the right mindset as far as we all like want to win, and the starting five set the tone as strong as we can and we build off of that.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much, guys.

We have Florida head coach, Mike White. Coach, welcome to Des Moines.

MIKE WHITE: Thank you. Great to be here. Appreciate you all's time. Exciting to play in the NCAA Tournament as always. Anything can happen in this tournament and our guys are excited to be here. We're coming off an SEC Tournament in which we won a really close one and lost a really close one. But feel like we're playing our best basketball of the year and we certainly hope that teams against a team in Nevada who is coming after a great tournament in their own right last year in this tournament and has had another terrific season, a highly ranked team all year, a team who we're going to have to play really well against to have a chance. Excited about the opportunity.

Q. Coach, what are going to be the keys to beating your opponent tomorrow and what's your biggest concerns? Have you ever been to Iowa before?
MIKE WHITE: I will answer the first ones first, because I might ramble on the second one. Keys to the game? Defensive transition is important against these guys. A lot of things are important against these guys. Live ball turnovers and floor balance, it's all the same category. We're coming off a game in which we would have given ourselves a better chance against the Auburn Tigers to potentially play in the SEC championship on Sunday, if we didn't have 19 turnovers, uncharacteristically, like we did. We have got to do better than that against Nevada. Isolation defense has gotta be huge. These guys can go get it. They're great at drawing fouls. They're great at playing downhill.

Then for us, not only specifically to these guys, but they are terrific defensively, but for us going into every game, offensively we have to figure out how we're going to score. How we're going to score. These guys defensively are very, very efficient. Again, we've got to value the ball at a high level and those are just a few keys, a few factors. But there's a bunch. This is a team that is as old as anybody in the country. They've done a great job with balancing that and managing that roster. They are as big as anybody in the country, an incredibly long lineup. They've got a good mix of shooters and handlers. They seem to have a bunch of guys that can pass, dribble and shoot it.

They go at you. Coach obviously knows how to go at you with his background in terms of picking on certain guys at different spots on the floor and putting guys in position to be successful offensively, and they're tough. They're physical. They battle you. They're really good.

Have I been to Iowa? First through fourth grade I lived in Dubuque, attended St. Columbkille Elementary as we just talked about behind the curtain. Fun time in my life, and my siblings lives. We loved it here. My father was the Athletic Director at Loras College right down the road. It was a great time.

Q. The whole roller coaster word is a horrible cliche, but parentally to this team it might actually be something that close to fits. There has been a lot of chances for the team to really get down on itself, up points, down points, winning streaks, losing streaks, following those. How has the resiliency of this team impressed you to get to where you guys are today?
MIKE WHITE: Very much so. It's been a really odd year. This team was 12-11. Went through losing streaks, winning streaks. We've been through different guys starting. We've been through seniors going off. Seniors having slumps. Freshmen trying to figure it out. Freshmen leading us to victories.

It's been unique to say the least. We've had several opportunities having lost some very close games to lose interest, if you will, lose a little bit of fight. But instead it was about the next practice, the next play, the next timeout, the next film session and obviously won our share down the stretch, playing our best basketball of the year, won enough close ones. You wish we could have back some of those close ones that we lost and we might be sitting here not having to play Nevada.

That said, it speaks to, you said s resiliency, toughness, character, you know, we have our flaws as a team, but collectively this team has got a lot of character in that we just kept plugging, kept work and anything can happen.

Q. Coach, Nevada and you guys both have a lot of experience on this stage. What have you learned from the past couple of years about what it takes to succeed on this stage?
MIKE WHITE: I think the last thing I said was anything can happen, and I'll stick to that. We know everyone has a clean slate and that have been ten teams that have made big runs in the NCAA Tournament and there was an 11 seed who came in last year and beat us on our home court and ended up going to Final Four in Loyola who was an 11 seed.

That said, just like the SEC tournament, you can make a lot of noise. Who would we play next? None of that matters. This is about the first possession against Nevada and lock in on these guys, the scouting report, the film session tonight, the next film session tomorrow, trying to get a great shot versus a stifling defense, trying to get a stop, trying to get your second stop. That's it. Playing in the moment, moving on to the next play, playing in the game, locking in on the Wolf Pack. Hopefully we're competitive enough down the stretch to where we've got a shot. That's it.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach.

Q. Charles, you certainly looked more comfortable out there than you did last week. Perhaps just for you describe what the recovery process has been like and how tonight felt different from last week; and then for Zavier and John, describe for me what difference a 100% Charles Matthews means to your team?
CHARLES MATTHEWS: Dealing with any injury can be tough and understanding it's a process to get back to where you were before it happened. Like I said, I had a great group of guys around me. Our athletic trainer was tremendous helping me with rehab and the coaching staff did a great job of supporting my as well, and I was able to take my time and get back to where I wanted to be.

ZAVIER SIMPSON: It's always good having Charles back. His presence means a lot and great to see his baskets fall through tonight and he communicates a lot. He's a great leader on both ends of the floor and we know he's going to give his best.

JON TESKE: He's worked hard to get back to this point, his presence on both sides of the ball. We really feel that when he's in there. He's worked hard to get back to this point.

Q. What does this game mean to you guys moving forward to have gone against a tough defense team? They did force eight steals.
JON TESKE: They're a great defense team. We had a couple of silly turnovers. Give credit to their pressure. We knew coming in that might be a problem and we coughed it up a little bit. But we were talking about sometimes the toughest game to kinda get over and to get this one under our belt feels good.

ZAVIER SIMPSON: We knew they were going to have great pressure. They have great guard play. They are decent size all over the court and they were active on the ball and off the ball as well. We just wanted to get the jitters out of the first game and keep our head focused.

CHARLES MATTHEWS: This weekend always seems to be the toughest, for all teams, just the nerves of the tournament. Montana is a great team, being able to switch their positions and they present defensive challenges, and they were definitely tough on the floor. But we were able to win.

Q. Zavier, Charles was active all night you seemed to find him a lot especially early. Was that a point of emphasis or how the match-ups dictated?
ZAVIER SIMPSON: I just play honestly with our offense and coaching staff they put us in a great position to find others. With me being a point guard it's my job to find others and early on Charles was open. He was knocking down shots and feeling it. His body language was great and it's always good to see that, but it's nothing with Charles. I just try to find whoever to get them easy points to get their rhythm going.

Q. Charles, Zavier is giving you credit. Talk about what Zavier means to you on the court?
CHARLES MATTHEWS: We just found out that he set the school record. The first guard to have eight 10-assist games in a season. So that's a huge testament to what he does. I feel like so many times he kind of gets I don't want to say undervalued if he's not having an offensive game. But he means so much to us and none of these big nights that we have would be good without him. So we really appreciate him as well.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen. Questions for Coach?

Q. John, you touched on this at the start, but quick turnaround. How do you feel about your team's energy and focus at the start and throughout the game?
JOHN BEILEIN: I was a little worried. We had a logistics meeting on Monday and the faces were way down, and realized that, but, you know, mine was, too. And Tuesday's practice was just okay. I thought when we got here and you get to a nice city like this and we had practice, we had a really good practice yesterday where I think everybody was focused. We got another chance. Some teams lose a championship game and they don't get to go to a tournament. They're smart kids and they hate losing just like their coach. But we bounced back and we had six losses all year and we have bounced back and won after every single one and that's an important quality to have for a good team.

Q. Incrementally what have you seen in Charles' health improvement? The tournament last weekend was one thing. The difference between Sunday and Thursday, what did you see?
JOHN BEILEIN: It's hard. In the tournament you're in the mix of things, so you play one, two, three. It was really the fist time he had really played. You had a game, couple days off, okay, here is what we gotta work on, and you could work on it. We just had to keep going and by the third game he still wasn't himself.

So we played Isaiah more. He played great. But the last two days we tried to get the ball back in Charles' hands, make him make decisions to just get him back. Basketball is a funny game. You're two weeks off. It's really different to step back on and be yourself.

Q. John, speaking of decisions, what do you think of your team's shot selection tonight? How do you like your flow on offense?
JOHN BEILEIN: We had probably two of them that were a little crazy, right? But other than that I thought it was pretty good. We've been, you know, as the year went on we've been getting better, not at the pace that I wanted it to be. But it is getting better. These kids, sometimes you have to fail if you're going to focus even better in the future. But I thought today was pretty good.

Q. Coach, your guys mentioned that, like, it's the first game, they've gotta ease into it. Is that something you have been harping on?
JOHN BEILEIN: We showed them and we had a really good team last year, we showed them the first four minutes of last year's game where the first media timeout we were down 10-0. And we showed them the fouls that were being called because they don't believe the coach when they say they're going to call these in games. As the Big Ten went on and every probably league comes on they stop calling the fouls that they did earlier in the year. The NCAA is a new year. We were able to show them that and we only sent them to the foul line 14 times and they had the appreciation that this is a fresh start. I loved the way we came out in the game and a little blip to start the second half, but then we responded to that, too.

Q. Coach, not so much in this game, but Isaiah had the big game in the Big Ten tournament. He did have a big game today. Is seems like he's taken a step forward in the last handful of games. Do you see that?
JOHN BEILEIN: He's become a more versatile player and he was taking, where he was settling for jump shots way too much. We've been working on it. How to get two feet in the lane, land on two and finish in crowds. Everything was a jump shot or a fade-away, reminds me of D.J. Wilson, who is with the Milwaukee Bucks now. A lot of it was the fade-away, not getting your body in there and Isaiah is doing that. Plus he's playing the 3, the 4 and the 5 for us now. And that's really good against a team like this. If you only have bigs you're going to have trouble with this team, right? Because they're going to take you off the dribble and having him be able to go and switch the ball as a 5-man today was great for us and our freshman wouldn't be able to handle Austin Davis as well.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

Q. Ahmaad, how did you want to be remembered as a Grizzly?
AHMAAD RORIE: Just knowing I gave it the best effort every game. When I came here I was complacent. I didn't have good study habits, basketball habits, and Trav, all I can do is thank him, honestly. Known him for a long time. From the same area, and he pulled me in when I was a sophomore and told me from the jump just to, it's all about your reputation. I was kind of a guy that didn't care about reputation. Just wanted to play basketball. Didn't care about school, but I think I've improved in that regard, graduated, got a degree and working on another one in media arts. The kind of guy who improved off court and now basketballwise I feel like I've grown a lot as a leader.

Q. You guys were down double digits the last three minutes and you stepped on to the court after the last timeout and it was the last few seconds or minutes you were going to play with Bobby and Mike. What was going through your head and what were you saying to each other?
AHMAAD RORIE: Definitely with them being part of the senior class and me, they're two guys that I've loved to compete with. So just tried to tell them let's go out there and fight, give it our best shot, no quit. They're two guys than don't miss practices, don't miss games. They work hard all the time. So I feel like myself and the rest of the team owed it to them to work hard and try to go out there and cut into the lead, not give up. That's why I tried to pull the team together and then just try and do that. It's been an honor to play with them and be a part of the senior class with them.

SAYEED PRIDGETT: Me being out there with those guys and telling them that this game didn't make their legacy. Just trying to let those guys know just because we lost by however many points, this is the best the senior class that we ever had in Montana. Just trying to keep the confidence in those guys and let them know we will always be brothers. It's a family.

Q. Sayeed, talk about the seniors and what you learned from them?
SAYEED PRIDGETT: These guys taught me a lot, honestly, and I only wanted to score and Ahmaad told me you're not always going to be the person who is going to lead in scoring. Sometimes you're going to be the hot guy and sometimes you need to do what the team needs you to do, and Bobby and Mike had faith in me that I could make shots even when I didn't have it in myself.

Q. Ahmaad, how did this year feel compared to last year as far as your level of comfort at the NCAA Tournament having had this experience last year?
AHMAAD RORIE: I feel like last year we came out and kinda just wanted to enjoy the process. We're here. We made it here, but I don't think our full focus was on winning. This year we kind of flipped the switch and said we want to win. They're a beatable team, but we have to do all the right things to beat them. We came up short but we fought. Last year, I don't feel like we fought. We weren't fighting and having a great effort, but everybody fought tonight and it just not didn't go our way. We actually felt like we could come out and compete. We weren't just happy that we were here.

Q. Talking about you guys fighting, you kept up full court pressure on the defense. Talk about how that speaks to your ability to fight through adversity and keep going?
AHMAAD RORIE: Yeah, um, you know we have this year in practice. We get up and down a lot, a lot of guys, you know, even when you're tired you have to guard. Trav is honest about that, fighting to the end, end of practice. We run for free throws and our practices are really tough. We knew that and came together and we knew how much we were down the fight we wouldn't give up. We wanted to do that. We want to go there for each other and on national television if we were going to go down we weren't going to go down without a fight.

SAYEED PRIDGETT: I feel like Mike and Bobby were being aggressive and I felt like that was greatest thing about Coach because it let the guys know that we were going to pick them up full court just to scare them a little and let 'em know we are still here.

Q. Sayeed, what was your offensive approach tonight being guarded by such a big guy like Jon Teske? What did you try to accomplish tonight?
SAYEED PRIDGETT: I knew I was faster than him, so I tried to get him in the lane and close out, get penetration for the other teams and make plays for everybody else if I didn't have anything. So tried to use my speed against him, honestly.

Q. Travis, can you talk about the situations being switched this year? You were up 10 last year and this year you guys didn't come out shooting very hot. How did you keep the team on track and keep them focused?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: That's one of those tough timeouts, right? We just got off to a rough start in terms of how we were playing. I don't think we were on the same page offensively. A lot of tough shots, not a lot of patience. So a lot of the conversation was playing together, staying together, staying focused, scoring off of the defense if we can get some stops. Once you get a basket your confidence tends to increase and it took a while to get that going. Once we got a spark we had a little life in us, and I thought we were decent coming out at halftime. But we had another cold streak, made it tough.

Q. Coach, you mentioned Michigan's defense. I know you watched a lot of film. Was it more or less what you expected or when you see it in person is it a different animal?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: We faced it a year ago, so watching film I saw the same things. There's a lot of openings to take advantage off because they do what they do. They have rules like any good defense they guard certain things a certain way and so on offense you try to manipulate those things. We did that early, and we got shots leading into the game. But the problem is we didn't make those shots. When you watch Michigan State against them, they got those shots in the second half. They were down and they started making shots to get back in the game.

For us, we just gotta make 'em, right? But on the flip side of that, for them, they're a very physical basketball team and they adjust well. So once we started knocking a couple down, they took some things away and changed how they defended those actions which forced us to change. So it's a game of adjustments. I think Beilein is probably one of the best in the country at making adjustments. Once again, this happened last year. We got some things going and it was gone and then we had to find something else and then it was gone. Eventually if your team can't continue to adjust as quickly as they do defensively then you go into ruts and that happened to us early and late.

Q. Coach, your guys talked about legacy. What kind of legacy do you think the senior class left at Montana?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: There have been a lot of good senior classes, so if you compare them basketballwise, it's argumentative. But for my group, we were about more than just basketball. We've been fortunate to have 100% senior graduation rate. None of our guys have gotten in trouble off court. You don't read negative things about our team, our guys.

So with the consistency that these guys have had for four, five years as seniors in this program, I think their legacy is that they're the best senior class in the history of Montana basketball because of what they represent and how they represent it. The way the community supports them and embraces them proves it. There have been some kids that have won more games. Maybe there's one class that might have three rings as opposed to two, but my group is the only group that's 100% graduated and no issues off court.

So I think they represent all those things Ahmaad talked about which is growth. To me, that's what's more important than winning games is the growth of these young men. When I sit across from their parents there is only one thing I promise, is to be fair. If I'm fair and I treat them all with the same amount of respect I want in return from 18-22 years old they mature and they're men because they're not quite men when we get 'em. That's the most important thing with our job, and I think that all of my seniors are walking out of the door as men.

Q. The senior class has been with you for most of your time as a coach at Montana. What did you learn from them and what are you going to take away going forward in your career as they leave and go on to other things?
TRAVIS DeCUIRE: I have coached for a long time before moving on to Division I and then before being a head basketball coach. At high school level you don't get to recruit your kids. You just coach who is in the hallways, and kids might transfer in or whatever. But you pretty much have whoever goes to that school. In junior college I had a taste of recruiting kids in my community that could represent me as players. So I had a slight taste of what that is, but I always dreamed of the Division I level having an opportunity to go into different communities and pick the kids that I think would represent me the way I wanted to be represented and play basketball the way I think it should be played.

For me, I finally got that. So this class is that. They're the first group that I actually brought in. This is the first team that's 100% mine. I enjoyed last year a lot more than this year, but I'm more proud of what this group achieved this year than last year because of the adversity they have been through and because of that I feel like these guys are ready to move on with their lives. It won't be easy and they will hit speed bumps and they will see more adversity, but I think they're ready for it.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much, Coach.


Q. Cassius, congratulations on the victory. Take me through the second half. How did you guys get it going? I know team rebounding was better the second half. Was that a point of emphasis?
CASSIUS WINSTON: Yeah, definitely. Just the first game is always tough. You've got to get used to the atmosphere, the arena, things like that. First half, that was a really good team, also. They were solid in a lot of areas. So second half we pride ourselves in dominating games and do what we do best, that's rebounding and getting stops. We knew if we did those things we was going to come out on top.

Q. You had a big three-pointer coming out of a timeout that gave you guys separation. What was the process there and take me through that scenario?
MATT McQUAID: Coach saw something throughout the game and he called it in the huddle and Aaron went down, pinned his name and I came up and hit the shot. Cassius gave me a good pass.

Q. Matt, in a tight game when the other team is scrapping and standing with you, you have Cassius out there leading things, controlling things. What's it mean to have a guy like that you know you can lean on?
MATT McQUAID: Means a lot. He does so much for this team. The way he leads and controls the game, just his passing ability and his vision, along with the scoring ability. It gets everybody on the court open and you've got to be ready for his passes.

Q. Cassius, you talked about the first game can be the toughest sometimes. What's it feel like? You've got one out of the way and the way the other team pushed you today. Sigh of relief or momentum now? What's it like to survive this game?
CASSIUS WINSTON: Definitely feels good to be advancing, you know? I think Coach said at the end of the game even after all that we're still one of the last 32 standing right now. We know there is a lot that we can improve, but that's our plan to get better and better each and every step of the way and now we got a chance to get better and that's always a good thing.

THE MODERATOR: Congratulations, guys. Coach, we will get an opening statement.

TOM IZZO: These guys probably did a better job than I did. I felt like we were ready to play. I just felt like, in all honesty, Bradley played well the first half. They made shots. I think we covered real well. We missed shots. Kenny Goins really struggled. I thought he had some great looks. Then we had some bizarre lineups, and Conner and Gabe are not household games right now and just because of foul trouble we had to play with them. But you know, we wanted to get Nick Ward more minutes, and we got him some. But because of some defense coverage and that it made it harder. He's just not quite there yet, not all his fault, a little bit ours. He was productive getting to the free throw line and scoring a bucket and getting 5 rebounds. So I thought we got a little more out of him. We were 7, 8 up that was the first time I saw Cassius collapse, you know, the guy has been going so many minutes in that Sunday/Thursday turnaround. I felt he couldn't go. We had a turnover. They had a rebound. He let his guy go right around him the way we told him he was going and hard to get mad at him when he's doing everything he can for me and playing every minute of the game. It's just the situation we are in. I thought in general Bradley play better than I've seen them play this year, and that's a great tribute to Brian and his team and what they did.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Izzo?

Q. Coach, with all the adversity, how proud are you of your players to hold their composure, break away with a lead in the second half and survive and advance? How important was it for the team to hold on to that composure?
TOM IZZO: First of all, thank you for the question, because usually the questions are leading to, I'm a tell-it-like-it-is guy. I'm not giving my team enough credit. I know what we've been through from that Friday, Saturday, Sunday, get home and what we've gone through. You say it's an excuse, you don't say it. You're damn right, I'm proud of them. I am. We're still going to grind it. We're going to push it. We are still going to make mistakes. We didn't show mental toughness. I thought we were worn down. It's going to be good to go back to the hotel and look at some things. I am proud. Matt McQuaid and Cassius Winston just wouldn't let us lose and that was the two guys that talked the most in the huddles. Xavier struggled and then came around late and rebounded the ball really well, and in all honesty, Kenny just struggled. But he, too, played forty minutes in Chicago. Excuse. Reality. Whatever. I'm proud of this team until I get back to the hotel and then it's going to be dog-eat-dog until Saturday and then get back at it.

Q. Coach, you mentioned Bradley played well particularly in the first half. Is there anything specifically that they did better than you thought they could do?
TOM IZZO: They cut so hard and they've got really good athletes, those guards, Dwayne Lautier-Ogunleye and Lundy, you know where they're going. They drive it right. There is nobody making any scouting reports there. It's simple, yet we couldn't stop 'em. We couldn't do that. I felt bad for my assistants. They did a hell of a job on the report and we didn't follow it as well. I think some of it was we've just had some bizarre line-ups in there and we're trying to change things because of who we think we could have in the game and that's not a great coaching job on my part. Instead of staying with what we do and plug another person in, but trust me there are some things we had to change and it makes it hard on Nick because we're changing in the middle.

So now we're going to play a team that has a couple bigs, that's more of a conventional team. I think that's going to be better for us in a way because, you know, I love the kid. Everybody loves Brown, but I thought Childs played really well today. He posted us up. He scored on us. I thought he did a very, very good job. I thought we did a decent job on Nate Kennell, and I don't know what Brown ended up. But that kid is a load to cover. Very good.

Q. Tom, at one point in the second half you got after Aaron Henry going into a timeout. Saw what he did but wondering why that made you so angry?
TOM IZZO: You think there was one thing that would make me that angry, you don't know me very well. There was a bunch of things, you know, and, hey, he's playing a lot of minutes, too. He's tired, too. When you are a freshman now at this time of year you don't make mental mistakes on things we're telling a guy which way he goes or not running back. There are some things Aaron didn't do a very good job of and yet, you know what? I did get after him and he did respond and he did make a couple of big buckets and he did make a couple of big free throws, but that's not good enough. This is one-and-done time. The my bads are out the window. If it's my fault because that guy played better and it's my bad because I walked back and didn't sprint back, then it is your bad and you're going to hear about it. So that's what it was.

Q. Tom, after the thing with Henry you knew you had to stick with him because you don't have much of a bench and at the end of the game did you call to feed the ball into him and when the ball found him in the post. Did you go to him even though you challenged him because you knew you would have to challenge him at some point or you knew you would have to go to him?
TOM IZZO: We challenged him and we said if he's going to down screen, Matt McQuaid hits the one, and we said the next time we will slip and get it to you in the post because they would sorta jump on Matt McQuaid. It sorta happened that way and he made a couple of big plays in there which is capable of doing. I get a kick out of you guys. Get after somebody because you're trying to hold them accountable. I don't know what kind of business you're in, because if I was head of a newspaper and you didn't do your job you would be held accountable. That's the way it is.

Q. You guys were minus 6 in rebounding at halftime. You were plus 15 in rebounding in the second half. How did you make that happen?
TOM IZZO: No, no, it was a love fest! We said, hey guys it's okay if we got rebounded by another team and we said that's okay. But if we could do a better job that would be great because then we could win. That's what we did.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Khwan, this is a team that doesn't make a lot of three pointers. What was the scouting report going against guys like Gabe and them?
KHWAN FORE: Keeping a tight floor, helping each other out once they try to get it into the paint. They knocked a couple of threes down. We was living with it, but we started to press up and they just kept making shots. Just what happens.

Q. Christen, whenever you guys pulled within 7, what was going through your minds? You guys were pretty pumped up.
CHRISTEN CUNNINGHAM: Just trying to make a comeback. We dug ourselves in a big hole. We was just trying to turn the game around.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen. Questions for Coach?

Q. Same question to you, Coach. They don't make six threes a game, they make eleven. Were you focused on collapsing in or were they just making shots?
CHRIS MACK: I wouldn't say collapsing in, but coming into the game we felt like their strength was in the paint. Oturu and Jordan Murphy are medal leaders. They make big shots, scoring around the basket and that was a big challenge for our team. Obviously Kalscheur shoots big, and for Jordan Murphy to make two in a game, hats off to terrific player. Good players rise to the occasion in those type of situations and he did that. That's why they're moving on. But tough thing when you know their identity is built around the paint and they make some shots like they did today. But they earned the victory and we weren't quite good enough.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.


Q. Cody, this game looked similar to the games against Texas and Cincinnati. You guys got into a big hole then made that push. Why were you not able to get over the hump like you were then?
CODY MARTIN: We just didn't get the stops we needed. Like he said, we missed a lot of crucial free throws we needed. But realistically the problem was we didn't start off in the first half and that seems to be what we do all the time and this time we just couldn't get over the hump. A good team slows the pace down and unfortunately this time it didn't work.

Q. Cody, you mentioned pace and Florida had the reputation of being slower than you guys. Was there anything they did that surprised you, any frustration, or were you prepared for that?
CODY MARTIN: We're always prepared because our coaching staff does a great job of making sure we know them better than anybody and at the beginning of the game in the first half we were moving the ball really well and that's on me. I'm the point guard who has no assists. I mean, I got to do a better job of moving the ball. We had four assists as a team to their 10. I mean, that's on me that I gotta control the pace better and control the tempo, make sure we get our teammates involved. I didn't do a good job of that. Nothing surprised us, honestly. We knew what they were going to do and unfortunately we had a lot of mental breakdowns. Like he said, didn't make free throws and just didn't get off to a good start and tried to come back as usual and it just didn't work.

Q. Tre'Shawn, you guys seemed like you were able to speed them up over the 12, 14 minutes. What did you do to be able to get back in the game and get back in transition offensively?
TRE'SHAWN THURMAN: We made an adjustment to trap them when they had the ball. He's a good point guard and we had to pick randomly to trap him at random times.

Q. Seniors, how would you like to be remembered? And Tre'Shawn, being from Omaha, did you have a big fan following here tonight?
TRE'SHAWN THURMAN: Just a hard-playing dude, I guess, gave 'em my all. Every time I stepped on the court I gave 'em my all. I cared about this team and I cared about winning. As a senior that's what you're supposed to do. You're supposed to come out and play and put your heart on the line for the guys in the jersey next to you. You're supposed to care and I cared and I cared about the Nevada fan base and I cared enough about my teammates to play every game I could. The following was great to see, I guess.

CODY MARTIN: I mean, I hope on our way out people understand and think that we represented our community and Nevada the best that we could and not only on the court but off court, having character guys, being good kids, you know, putting other people first besides ourselves. I hope people understand how much work we put in and how much we sacrificed to get to this point, and there is a lot of people that helped us get to this point. Unfortunately we didn't get as far as we wanted to, and at the end of the day I'm not satisfied with how it ended. But I'm really glad we got to go this far with this group of guys. I had a lot of fun throughout the season. Couldn't ask for a better team. Couldn't ask for a better coaching staff. They gave me everything. I just want them to know that, you know, as a team and as a whole we tried to represented Nevada the best we could.

Q. Jazz, how would you describe this season? I know you guys came in with a lot of goals and you were able to achieve a lot of them but not all of them. How would you sum up this year?
JAZZ JOHNSON: It was a learning experience especially for a guy like me who has never been here. I had the opportunity to learn from a lot of good players. I never thought I would meet guys like this and I'm blessed to have the ability to learn from these guys and from this coaching staff. I know, like I said, it's a big learning experience and we all got a lot better this season. Like Cody said, we didn't get as far as we wanted. But we made a lot of memories and we will be brothers forever.

Q. Coach, what did you notice in the first half that gave your guys a bit of trouble? Take us through the first few moments of the second half where a bit of a run came and then Florida started to go back on their march?
ERIC MUSSELMAN: Yeah, we just didn't make a lot of shots. Some guys that normally score the ball for us had off nights and when you shoot some of the percentages that we did, you're going to struggle and not win games. So we tried to junk it up defensively and our guys executed that defensive game plan great to try to speed 'em up. We had 'em on their heels a little bit and a couple of calls happened and momentum shifted and changed and we got beat by a team that outplayed us tonight.

Q. Cody, nutty things happen in this tournament every year, but given the season you had this finish really doesn't seem to fit. I wonder if you find it especially shocking that it ended like this?
CODY MARTIN: I would say more irritating than anything just because there was a lot of goals that we wanted to accomplish that we didn't meet. You kinda just gotta live with that. But, I mean, at this point it is what it is. You can't really dwell on it. I know our team and our coaching staff put in a lot of time, a lot of preparation to even get to this point. But it just sucks that it got cut short. You know, you wish you had possessions back. You can't get that done. At the end of the day, you know, you can sit there and, I mean, I hope we can all say that we left it all out there on the line and gave 110%. If that isn't the case then that's an issue and it is what it is. I'm proud of our guys. I'm proud of how they fought. I'm proud of how we fought. I wished we would have started off a little bit better, but like Coach said they just happened to outplay us.

Q. Coach, I know it's hard to sum up a six-month season as we all sit here and I know you think it's a special group and I was wondering if you could tell us right now what you think of this group?
ERIC MUSSELMAN: Twenty one teams I think that have been to three straight NCAA Tournaments and you can look up the names of the programs of the 21 and we've come a long way in a short amount of time, and I'm proud to coach these guys. Things weren't going well. We struggled and they fought back and got within a possession of the game, and I'm proud to coach these guys. We got a lot of guys in that locker room that are really hurting, a lot of guys that are tough-minded people and they will be successful in life because of their toughness and competitive nature. I think a lot of these seniors have won a lot of games for our program and given our fans a lot of good times and tonight we came up short. So it hurts and stings.

Q. Cody, can you take us through your day? We heard you were getting a couple of IVs. You guys had 5 assists last game and 4 assists in the game before that. What happened to you guys the last couple of weeks?
CODY MARTIN: I think we got stagnant as a group, including myself. We have to try to make sure our team is involved and for me to have 0 assists is kinda ridiculous and I don't look at stats and stuff like that, but when I look at that, it's irritating. I don't know what I had the game before or the game before that. I don't look at stuff like that, but if it's like that, it's irritating. I don't really like to talk about it because I feel like it's making excuses. So, yeah, I got some IVs. I just wasn't really feeling well. We just didn't play well enough.

Q. Coach, you guys came into the season with a lot of expectations and you did a lot of great things, winning 29 games. How do you think you will think about this season over the off-season in what you were able to accomplish and how you fell short in reaching your goals?
ERIC MUSSELMAN: I think our record is going to go down as one of the best in school history. Tonight it hurts. It will hurt tomorrow and a week from now. But to have 29 wins and whatever, 29-5 whatever it is, we had a really good year. We didn't advance in the tournament and there are a lot of good teams that won't advance either and there are a lot of really good programs that aren't in this tournament that have great facilities, that have great budgets, that have great everything. It's hard to make this tournament. It's hard to make this tournament back-to-back years as an at-large, and we've done that. Now I've got to get with Jazz and some of the sit-out guys and look forward to next year. I look forward to coaching those guys and start working with them and working on depth charts tonight for next year.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen. Best of luck in the future!


Q. Gabe, you played almost the whole game. Jordan, you had a little bit of a break. I know you guys are used to that right now with all of the injuries. But do you feel like you're ready to go in a couple days for another game?
GABE KALSCHEUR: Yes, for sure. We just gotta come, be ready for Saturday. We're ready.

JORDAN MURPHY: Yeah, I think I'm going to be ready to go, 100 percent. There is no way I'm missing it.

RICHARD PITINO: Telling be fine.

Q. For both players if you don't mind, seemed like neither team was having much luck scoring early, but then all of the sudden it looked like you were getting everything you wanted. Did you figure something out? What happened at that point?
JORDAN MURPHY: I just think we were able to get stops and that's what gave us a lot of confidence going down the stretch. Once Gabe saw that the ball went through the hoop for him and Amir and Dupree that's when our offense really started to flow.

GABE KALSCHEUR: I felt like we eased into it after the first five minutes and then we started to get confident at the end of the game.

Q. Jordan, can you walk us through the injury and what you were dealing with?
JORDAN MURPHY: I think it happened like early in the second half. My back just locked up on me. I mean, I don't know what else I can do about it, but for now just get treatment and take care of it. It just happened down the stretch and just had to keep playing through it.

Q. Gabe, y'all make not even six threes a game and you cashed in eleven. Can you talk about what you saw from the Louisville defense today?
GABE KALSCHEUR: I felt like they were giving it to us at the end in the middle of the game. I feel like we got confidence during the game as well. I felt like Dupree, once he hit his, everybody was feeding off each other.

Q. (Away from mic.)
GABE KALSCHEUR: He was hitting, too.

Q. Gabe, that first three, was that the key? You didn't seem to shoot a lot early, early on, and then you make that one and it just flowed from there. Was that first one the confidence booster?
GABE KALSCHEUR: Yeah, for sure. Once that first one hit I felt confident. The first two were unsure, in and out, but after that I just kept feeling confident.

Q. Jordan, early on, especially, Louisville seemed to aggressively collapse on you and Daniel. How much fun was it watching Gabe and Amir and the guys take advantage of that?
JORDAN MURPHY: Man, I love when we take advantage of the collapsing defense and when they're huddled in on me in the paint. I found Gabe in the corner a couple of times and he got some good jump shots. So it was fun being able to see that, having confidence and smiling a little bit and having fun.

Q. Jordan, with the amount that Louisville shot threes was there a sense going into this game that you guys were going to need to shoot a decent amount yourselves to keep pace almost? Because you got involved as well.
JORDAN MURPHY: I don't think there is a necessary, like, sense of urgency to shoot threes. I think overall we needed to score the ball, put the ball in the hoop and stop them as well. They definitely didn't shoot that well from three today. So credit to our guys for playing defense and credit to our guys for hitting the shots.

Q. I know nobody wanted to play into the Louisville match-up before the game. Now that it's over are you happy you won it for Richard?
JORDAN MURPHY: Like I said earlier, two days ago, this wasn't really about getting a win for Coach P. It was about getting a win for our team in general and making sure we advance to the next round. I think that was what makes him happy and that's what makes our teammates happy.

GABE KALSCHEUR: What he said. It wasn't about Pitino. It was about advancing to the next round.

Q. Guys, there have been games where you have definitely struggled shootingwise. What changed today? You guys got hot and you weren't just good, you were great at times. What changed from the games where you do struggle to a day like today where there's times you can't miss?
JORDAN MURPHY: I think it's all confidence, honestly. I think it's all mentality and once we have the right mindset going into the games and we're confident locked in, I think there are very few teams that can stop us and you saw that today.

GABE KALSCHEUR: Yeah, it's just confidence and forgetting about that one you missed and going onto the next. Confidence is a big key.

Q. For Gabe, how confident were you? By the time the fourth three went down you back peddled and were strumming like a guitar. Have you done something like that before? Is that a regular thing? Or did that just come out of your body?
GABE KALSCHEUR: I haven't strummed the guitar.

RICHARD PITINO: Did you do that? Did you really do that? Act like you've been there before!

GABE KALSCHEUR: I've seen the arrow before.

RICHARD PITINO: He can do whatever he wants if he hits five threes.

Q. Gabe, just branching off that. You haven't been in this situation before. It's your first NCAA Tournament. Did this feel any different to you than any other big games this seen and how do you feed off that?
GABE KALSCHEUR: It's a big atmosphere and a big stage. We've been here, Big Ten tournament. I just eased into it, another big game. Felt good.

Q. How would you guys sum up the significance of this one given the fact that it's the first win in the NCAA Tournament for the program since 2013?
JORDAN MURPHY: Obviously means a lot to us and it means a lot to our state and our fans and our program as well. So it's really significant to us, been in this position two years ago where we lost and now just being able to redeem that loss and win and keep moving and advancing and then going into the next game with a good mindset I think it's a pretty positive thing.

GABE KALSCHEUR: Very big for us and our community and our fans. Just big that we're advancing and moving on.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen. Questions for Coach?

Q. Coach, obviously you gotta be proud of the shooting performance, but how proud are you of the defense performance as well?
RICHARD PITINO: I thought the defense was great. Jordan Nwora, I thought we did a really good job on him. That's a tough offensive team. They put you in binds. I thought where we started to build the lead was we got stops. We got a little tired at the end, but for the most part when we needed to we got stops.

Q. Coach, Jordan's game is so consistent. I feel like you know what you're going to get out of him, but one of the keys is if Amir is on his game you guys are tough to beat. How early did you get a sense that he was really feeling it today?
RICHARD PITINO: Amir has been pretty locked in over the last month. When he's good and understanding where his shots are coming from, he's terrific. He's playing forty minutes a game. He's very, very durable. He's playing great defense. He played great defense on Nwora. He was locked in early, you could tell. If you're not locked in now, there is probably a problem.

Q. Richard, they came into the game with a significant advantage as far as three-point shooting. You guys beat them at that time. Was there an emphasis, or did it just happen?
RICHARD PITINO: I think it just happened. It wasn't anything that we necessarily saw. It's a confidence builder. Gabe is a great shooter. Murph chipping in with two. That's an addition, but we stuck with our offensive flow and I don't think it was anything necessarily that they did. We were just confident with open shots.

Q. What was your reaction to the crowd and how did that help you guys?
RICHARD PITINO: The crowd was awesome! The crowd was absolutely awesome. When I meet people I try to explain to them about Minnesota and how much pride our fans have, not just for men's basketball but for the University. When I took the job everybody was saying, oh, you work at the U. The U? I just left Miami. It's special all across the board. That crowd carried us. It was a big-time performance from them and hopefully we see them in a couple days as well.

Q. Gabe's game, as I said before, looked like he didn't want to shoot that much early on and then he makes that first shot and it just sorta steamrolled from there?
RICHARD PITINO: And he drove the ball a couple times in crucial moments got that "and one" knocked down free throws. He had eight rebounds. That's remarkable, and he's a terrific three-point shooter. He has a beautiful stroke. He's one of those guys, he deserves success. Doesn't matter what you do that guy doesn't take the day off. He sneaks into the gym. He's a throwback and he deserves success.

Q. Seems like you guys did a groat job of handling the ball screen action. Do you think that played a big roll in the team defensive success?
RICHARD PITINO: That's important. They have great pick-and-rolls. They can shoot the ball well, so I thought from a scouting report standpoint the guys were locked in and did a very good job there.

Q. With three minutes left there was a three-minute review on the shot clock situation. I know you were asking okay wrap this up, wrap this up, with you guys in the point of advantage, I guess, how were you trying to make sure the guys stayed focused and locked in with that long of a stoppage at that point in the game?
RICHARD PITINO: You know, just stay poised. That happens. We're used to that. Those reviews can happen from time to time, stay composed, give them the next play, what we're going to do if it's their ball, our ball, et cetera.

Q. When you consider Murphy's durability over his four year career is there any doubt in your mind he's going to be good to go for Saturday?
RICHARD PITINO: Absolutely no doubt in my mind. He'll find a way even if we tell him he can't.

Q. I know you don't want to talk about Louisville, but are you going to get a nice gift out of your father for this? Are there any emotions you want to speak to?
RICHARD PITINO: I'm truthful with it. I'm not being diplomatic. It was really about that. It's very hard to get to the tournament, especially in our league. We had five new players. We had some ups and downs. The focus was on preparing. It didn't matter who we played. I'm proud of our players. I'm proud of our University that they can be a part of this. They can come drive over to Des Moines, so it's not really anything extra. That's always been my mentality. I try not to get too high. I try not to get too low.

Like I said, I was not being diplomatic. I got respect for Chris Mack, his staff. They do a really good job. That was the focus. How can I help my team beat a really good team?

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

Q. Elijah, you had a big first half and capitalized on that in the second half. What was working for you against that physical Michigan State defense?
ELIJAH CHILDS: I think my teammates were finding me and I was getting to my bread and butter which is down low, just trusting in my shot and just executing the plays.

Q. For any of the players, Michigan State is known to be a very physical team. You guys held your own. You mentioned toughness. Was that a point of contention going into the game, a point of emphasis or is that just the way you play?
ELIJAH CHILDS: We're a very tough, physical team, too. So we came into the game knowing it was going to be a physical battle and we prepared for it, and I think my guys did a great job of being physical.

DARRELL BROWN: That's our identity. We pride ourselves on being tough and playing defense and we play in one of the toughest conferences in the country, so we have been prepared for this moment all year. Wish we could have got some shots to fall down the stretch so we could have pulled the win out.

DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: It's what we do every day. We talk about compete, defend, rebound and that's what we do each and every day. We did it today. We were physical. Just didn't fall our way.

BRIAN WARDLE: For our program I think the lesson we learned with the guys coming back is we gotta play with an urgency every single game. I thought today, like I said before, there weren't many teams that were going to beat us today. Unfortunately, we had that 15 seed and playing a really good Michigan State team. But if we can put it together for a full season and not have any lulls and take care of business, the Valley prepares us for this. Mississippi Valley prepares us for this. This is consistent in Valley play all year. So I thought our guys were tremendous today in that aspect of the fight in their heart.

Q. You guys came into this 15th seed playing a No. 2 seed. There is another game tonight that's going to be that situation. Do you have any advice or thoughts about that?
ELIJAH CHILDS: Advice I would have? I don't know who is playing, but execute your game plan and go out and play your basketball. At the end of the day it's all basketball. Once you step between those lines doesn't matter what's on the front of your jersey. Just play hard.

DARRELL BROWN: Same advice. All guys put their pants on the same way. You just go out and do the best you can to get the best result.

DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: Stay true to yourself. What you do is going to help you stay true to the game and just be true to your teammates.

Q. Different setting to play on in the tournament. How would you describe the feeling of the arena? What did you feel here?
ELIJAH CHILDS: It was a great atmosphere out there. We had a lot of fans travel from Peoria, Illinois and we are thankful for that. It was a great atmosphere playing in a big crowd and a big setting like this. It was great. I dream about this. It's what I wanted when I came to college and for me to complete that goal, it was just a dream come true. We will be back here next year. So looking forward to getting back to work.

DARRELL BROWN: The atmosphere was great. Our fans do a great job of traveling and supporting us regardless of the circumstances. Hats off to them. I enjoyed it. It was a dream for all of us, I think. It was a blessing to be out there today.

DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: Yeah, it was a game in a big arena. We played a lot of games in neutral venues and our fans travel super well. They were there with support and they helped us.

Q. Biggest take away from when you guys first walked on to campus in Peoria to winning the Valley Tournament title to where you are today, in terms of trusting the process, trusting Coach, trusting each other. What's one thing you can take away from that entire process to where you are today?
ELIJAH CHILDS: One thing I can take away is staying level headed, just staying true to who I am and just going to my bread and butter, what I worked on all off-season and what I will work on now. Staying true to it.

DARRELL BROWN: I mean, I think the main thing for me, D-Lo and his group, they won five games in the year before I got there and my freshman year we probably within 13 games or something like that, and last year we won 20 games and lost a heart breaker in the semifinal tournament. Putting in hard work, we got to where we wanted this year. We got to the tournament. It was a dream come true, and like Eli says, staying true to who you are, putting in the work that got you this far and working to get back here.

DWAYNE LAUTIER-OGUNLEYE: No shortcuts. Nothing that we did was simple, years of hard work, years of believing, years of trusting and just staying together. We couldn't have done this without everyone being together and helping each other out. Seeing where DB has grown, Eli has grown and the rest of my teammates, it's lovely to see because the position the program was in was very low when I arrived and now as a senior leaving and the position it is now is just a dream come true.

Q. Coach, you talked about the D-Lo affect after the conference tournament and D-Lo got to the line 10 times even though the shots weren't falling from the field. Talk about how he was able to get to the line and causing trouble for the other team?
BRIAN WARDLE: I told the guys in the back room, I'm going to miss D-Lo flipping and flopping in practice. But he is relentless and competitive in attacking the rim, attacking the glass. He just doesn't stop. He just keeps going and going and going. I think it's contagious. It's contagious. All these guys have something that's contagious and that's what they brought to the team. Darrell's work ethic is contagious to the team, and Elijah's enthusiasm and his ability to lead is contagious to the team. D-Lo's affect is what it is. We're going to lose leadership and a lot of toughness with this senior group.

Q. Coach, you have great ties back to Michigan State. This team all year has not necessarily been pretty but resilient. Now that you've played them can you give us what your scouting report was and what you were thinking, please?
BRIAN WARDLE: Well, it's a team that's improved and matured throughout the year and has very high level of play. I think that's one thing that we've shown all year, that no matter who it is on the other side of the floor, we can compete with anybody.

Our game plan, we wanted Winston shooting mid-range jump shots. I thought they were hurting us on the ball screens a little bit. I liked our aggressiveness in transition, and I liked how we attacked when we created misses and rebounded the ball. I like a lot of the shots we took in the second half and the looks we got. We just weren't able to get it. We probably didn't get to the offensive glass as much as we would like, but give Michigan State credit there. They're disciplined in blocking out and offensive rebounding. But at the six minute mark a few shots fall for us and they don't for them. We could be sitting here with a whole different outcome and that's basketball. That's momentum and that's those game-changing plays. We've made a lot of them all year, just not today.

Q. Coach, can you quickly talk about the pace of the game? There was a lot of fouling and traverse. Were you trying to slow it down or did that just happen?
BRIAN WARDLE: I think we wanted to get up and down, and so did Michigan State. We had opportunities in transition. I thought we capitalized on a lot of them. I'll go back and watch the film. It just became two defensive teams getting back and in transition and getting half court defense set. Making the other team run a lot of clock and I think there were several times where it got under 10 seconds. We knew it could be there and we had to foul and let the game open up. Give Michigan State credit, too. I haven't even addressed the free throw shooting they had. They shot the daylights out of the ball on the foul line and give them credit for shooting 25 out of 26.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Jalen, you guys held Caleb 5 of 22 in shooting. What did you do to make him so offensively inefficient?
JALEN HUDSON: We just tried to slow him down and both the Martin brothers are really good in transition. So we were just trying to slow them down in transition and make him take tough, contested shots.

Q. Kevarrius, what do you think happened in the last 15 minutes that it almost got away from you guys and how did you feel like you were part of the turnaround?
KEVARRIUS HAYES: I felt like we didn't pay attention enough, felt like we got a little bit of a lead, a little too casual, reminded the team it was far from over. We had to stay locked in, in the moment and we had to stand together and eventually we dug ourselves out and could do enough to finish the game.

Q. Jalen, obviously Nevada made a couple of huge second half comebacks in the last year's NCAA Tournament. They made a run at you. What do you think made the difference this year that they weren't able to do that?
JALEN HUDSON: It was really just a team effort. I felt like during that 10-minute stretch six or seven minutes of it they were controlling the tempo and they were able to speed us up and we were making jump passes which are not allowed in the program. So that stood out and took us out of character and we were also in the bonus, too. They were starting to foul and it helped us get to the free throw line and stop the clock and get into our defense and we ran a zone at them, and us playing the 13 slowed the clock down as well. So it was good for us.

THE MODERATOR: Gentlemen, thank you. Questions for Coach?

Q. Coach, talk about the switching to the 1-3-1? Had you seen anything on tape that decided if it was close you would break that out? Describe what you did to implement that switch late because it threw them off?
MIKE WHITE: Sure. What we saw on tape was just how dynamic they are offensively. You've got a little bit of time here where you want to sharpen all your tools, if you will, leading into the NCAA Tournament, of course, and we worked on the three or four different zones this week in preparation just knowing that, again, we wanted to be able to throw everything at them. We had decided to run our 13 much earlier than that, but we had to score to get in it. We just couldn't score. I had to remind, I've got a great staff and actually one of them suggested it early and then the other couple guys kept saying we got to get into 13 and we had to remind each other we had to score.

They did a great job of speeding us up. They made us play a little bit faster and if we had just been able to convert one of those floaters, contested layups, one of those, and they've got great length. Obviously you're not going to get many open looks against them, but we had a couple that rolled around the rim there which might have been able to help us settle in a little bit and change defenses on them.

The run was fantastic. I mean, their effort in the second half, the way that they played, they were terrific. I think that the average viewer would probably attest most of it to their offense but they were out in transition because they were getting stops. They were playing with a crazy amount of energy, running and jumping both in the half court and the full court and it was a great adjustment. Obviously, again, we did just enough. We were very fortunate to hold on.

Q. Coach, you guys for the first 10 minutes were getting outrebounded 10-2 and then the next 10 minutes you outrebounded them 12-2. How did you change the intensity and get after the 50/50 balls?
MIKE WHITE: I'm not sure we made a big adjustment there. First media I remember talking to our guys and they talked. Our seniors have taken good ownership especially late in the season led by Kevarrius and Jalen here lately, understood that we were getting beat up on the glass led by Jordan Caroline. He is as good of an offensive rebounder as we have played all year. He is just a handful. We understood once the ball went in force a few times we settled in. Sometimes that can happen for you. You play with a little bit more pep in your step with the lead when you are in a decent flow, getting some stops and getting some scores.

Q. Coach, did you feel like this was a new level of a resolve that your team showed down the stretch? They did make it interesting, but they got within two and your guys still held them off.
MIKE WHITE: Yeah, I would say, playing in the SEC and then playing the nonconference schedule that we played, it seems like we've had, I'm just guessing off the top of my head, 15 games like that where late in the game, you know, it's a 1-2 possession game within a couple of minutes, whether you're up or down. We had a stretch during the season where we lost those games. Continued to play really hard and lost some composure at times and then we went on a stretch where we won some of those games and then we had the home game against LSU and we lost a heartbreaker. Then we were able to win a heartbreaker against LSU in the tournament and then lost one to Auburn. We've been here in these situations. These may be unique where you are up big where you make that type of run but you used the word "resolve" I believe. This team has been pretty good in that category and gotten better throughout the year. This team early in the year I thought had a little bit of toughness. I think this team now possesses a lot of toughness, and mentally we've probably made a bigger improvement than the physical level of toughness in that it's more important to our seniors late in the year and our freshmen have grown up a lot.

Q. You're going against Jordan Caroline and Caleb Martin and you hold them to 9 turnovers and 7 made field goals. Why were you so effective against those two players?
MIKE WHITE: You know, we've been really good defensively all year. I'm looking at their offensive numbers and we have had a lot of performances like that. This team, we have struggled to score at times. I think slowing the tempo helped us a lot, and if they lived in transition offense the whole game we would have been in trouble. They're so electric playing downhill. Jalen said it by setting our half court defense it gave us a better chance to guard these guys. Our guys have active hands. They have gotten more competitive throughout the year. I thought we contested a lot of shots but they missed a few, especially late in the game. I thought both the Martin twins had a few open looks and sometimes it's a make-or-miss game, and we were fortunate that they did. Beyond that, I don't know that we did anything really special. I would say probably more than anything it came with the preparation and level of respect that was necessary to guard these guys. Our guys, when you watch film on these guys and you show personnel our guys were like, wow! They knew we had our not hands full. They knew we would have to guard at a really high level to have success tonight.

Q. Coach, 3:44 mark of the game, final media timeout. Describe what the huddle was like and how proud of your guys are you that they were able to finish it out?
MIKE WHITE: Really proud. We looked a little disconnected there for about six or seven minutes. When the run started we looked like we could stymie it and we would be fine. All of the sudden they cut it to maybe ten and they looked a little different. When it was in not single digits, there for a little while. That's probably the mark there, probably the last media. I didn't like the body language. I was very concerned with our level. We talked about toughness and focus. I thought we were just watching the clock and hoping a little bit and we had been there earlier in the year. I don't know what the score was at the last media, but I know we got a couple of stops there and converted a little bit, whether it be a field goal or two. I don't quite remember, but I know we converted some at the foul line late that allowed us to change defenses and I thought we did a pretty good job in our zone late in the game.

THE MODERATOR: Congratulations. Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Isaiah, Coach talked yesterday about how you stepped up the last few games or so. Has there been a change in your game or you're just taking what you see?
ISAIAH LIVERS: Nothing really different, Coach B. just really believes in what I can do and the confidence I have to have when I'm out there playing for my guys and for myself and for the coaching staff. They believe in a lot of things I do and I just gotta go out there and play aggressive.

Q. Defensively Florida has mentioned that they are wanting to try and throw a lot of different looks at everyone here this week. They did so against Nevada a couple times, especially down the stretch. What do you guys know about the overall defensive challenge they provide?
ISAIAH LIVERS: The defensive challenge they bring to the table is they change defense. They can go from a man-to-man, 1-2-2 press. They have a lot of different looks that they can do, so that's different for us.

JORDAN POOLE: Yeah, they have a lot of different defensive schemes being able to go against a defense team like that we need to be locked in on our offensive flows and our offensive sets, being able to have X at the top in the point guard position and being able to call those out and identifying them early should really help us.

Q. I know we came back last week, but what does it do for the whole team with Charles being involved in the offense again like he was last night?
JORDAN POOLE: Being able to have Charles back brings a different dynamic to the team, having a leader and a guy who has been able to provide so much on the offensive and defensive end, being able to have him on the court gives us a different type of feel and aggressiveness. Being able to have the performance he did yesterday shows what we're capable of.

ISAIAH LIVERS: It's harder for teams to scout when you have an extra weapon on the floor like Charles and what he brings to the table. Jordan was talking about his leadership and another voice out there talking is helpful for young guys like Iggy or us two because having another leader who has been through it already.

Q. You guys have been through this process before. What are the couple most important things about this in-between day when you have short turnarounds? You've got to focus on the next opponent coming and you've got to rest and you've got to mix all those things together. What's the most, whether it's physical or mental frame of mind? What's the important thing about a day like today?
JORDAN POOLE: I personally believe it's rest, only because you're coming off scouting a team for an entire week or not even an entire week, just trying to figure out you know who you have to play and this in-between day gives us time to rest our bodies physically. But mentally we have to be locked in and prepared to go against an entirely new challenge, so the dynamic of mental and physical. I feel like rest is the key, but you can't mentally rest because there is so much you have to do in order to face a new team.

ISAIAH LIVERS: I agree with Jordan, a lot of mental preparation between that one day. You change from one team to another who does something totally different than the team before did. You've got to shift your mind and also your body because you just played the day before so that's also key.

Q. For both players, the Florida coach and players talked about how your size is going to be a problem with them bringing a smaller lineup and small ball approach. Is that going to present a problem for you guys?
JORDAN POOLE: I feel like our preparation for Montana really helped us. I think that a 6'5" man yesterday, Jon did a really good job on him yesterday and having guys who are able to play different positions, I feel like is a strength of ours. So even if they do go small ball lineup we are able to switch-up our personnel and have different dynamics in order to guard them.

ISAIAH LIVERS: I have a lot of confidence in Jon Teske guarding them because that guy can go 1 through 5 without a problem. He did it yesterday. I think he will be just fine.

Q. Both Coach Beilein and Coach Izzo talked about how the short turnaround was taxing from Sunday to Thursday. Did you guys feel that?
JORDAN POOLE: Me personally, I remember last year after the Big Ten tournament we had a week after and we had to come and prepare for March Madness and being able to go with the momentum and go while you're ahead and continuing to have positive energy throughout the week I feel like is a strength of ours and being able to stay locked in and not have too much downtime or too much out time is helping us.

ISAIAH LIVERS: I also agree. I like the short turnaround. Like he said, stay locked in. You don't got to shake any rust off and wait a whole week like we did last year playing against Montana. I just agree with Jordan.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen.

Happy to welcome Michigan coach, John Beilein. Questions for Coach? Thoughts on tomorrow's game?

JOHN BEILEIN: I wish last night I had congratulated Montana on their season. Being a mid-major coach for so long, it's hard to get to that point. We just had one of our better defensive games of the year.

We have great challenge and opportunity right now with Florida. They've got a great mixture of some really good talent but some seniors who have had really great careers there. They've had a lot of success in the postseason, and they had a great win yesterday over a Reno team that was in the top-10 earlier in the year. Really have a great coaching staff, one of my former players, Darris Nichols, is on their staff, and I'm probably as close to him as I am any of my former players, and I have a lot of them. Darris is one of my former guys. I'm sure it's going to be a great game. The Florida people have done a great job and are running a great program.

Q. Coach, a lot has been said about Iggy throughout the year. In addition to his precociousness as a freshman. He seems to play his best when his stakes are the biggest. Does he get enough credit for that?
JOHN BEILEIN: I was asked that same question, another Lithuanian from Toronto, was Nik Stauskas. Nik came in to the big stage and he loved to play the game and it was a bit of a stage for him. Iggy has that. He will not be doing this to any players tonight. He usually does it sometimes to the crowd. He made a mistake there, but he is a really good kid who looks at me every day and says, he really loves this part. He loves college basketball. He really loves being part of Michigan.

Q. In terms of setting up an offensive approach for this game, what's the biggest challenge of a team like Florida that really wants to throw a whole bunch of different looks at you? Coach White mentioned that specifically throughout the week and he showed it during crunch time in the Nevada game.
JOHN BEILEIN: That is the challenge. You just said it. Sometimes they change defenses in the middle of a defense. They throw the ball in and they are in zone and they may change it in the middle of it. You have to play with heads up. The shot clock is ticking and last night we couldn't run a lot of stuff because they were pushing us down and icing us the whole game. We have to adjust, but they're going to try to keep up off balance. If they saw the way we attacked the press yesterday they'll probably press the heck out of us and we've got to be ready for a whole lot of things in that we do see that occasionally in our league, but it's still always needed with new players.

Q. I asked you yesterday about Charles and his development back and you said when you play the 1-2-3 you don't have a lot of time to evaluate what he needs to do to improve as he recuperates. But then you said if you had that period of a day or two days you could figure a better strategy out. Now that you have this one day, what did you think that Charles can still do as he gets from that 90% level to probably something closer to 100?
JOHN BEILEIN: I think he will be more comfortable today with the different things because we were trying to pace him to get ready. It's just a comfort level right now. If we're fortunate enough to win this game then we can get more specific because we were just getting back to square one a little bit about, all right, putting him back in a ball screen, back doing some things that he's done well at times this year. He's getting more and more comfortable every time he gets out there and we really need him on the floor for his defense and all the intangibles he brings to us. But as you saw yesterday he's a really important part of our offense.

Q. Coach, you talked about getting Charles involved and Iggy is a stalwart in the offense, but is it a point of emphasis to get Jordan more involved?
JOHN BEILEIN: All those guys, we look at the match-ups and who is guarding them and what we've seen from that. It's tough to dial up four guys, right? It's really tough to do that. A lot of people play through one, two or three players, but everyone else gets residual affect. Jordan is one of the guys we will choose at times and it depends on the match-up or what style of play they have.

Q. John, you and Izzo have had similar success in recent years. You're both going for win 30 this season tomorrow in a conference that hasn't lost a game in this tournament yet. Can you talk about different coaching styles and different ways to get to the same end and any reaction you had to what happened yesterday with Michigan State and Tom?
JOHN BEILEIN: No, I think that Tom's record speaks for itself, how really good they've been. We talk about this the whole time in our great state of Michigan. We have two elite programs within the state. If you look at the especially the last decade the number of Final Fours, the number of conference championships that we have had in combination, Duke and North Carolina are the only ones that are even close, and the rivalry that we have. We both are very are different. I don't know enough about what he does in practice or whatever. I've never been an assistant of his or gone to a practice, obviously. So I don't know how our styles contrast. I do know our style and it works. His certainly does, too.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.


Q. For all of you playing a Big Ten team in the NCAA Tournament probably not something you guys were necessarily expecting. How is the prep different? How do you guys expect the game to go considering it's a team that you're more familiar with?
NICK WARD: To be honest, we played them earlier this year. So we do know a little bit about them and of course they're a Big Ten team. So it will be a little bit of a challenge, so we have to come out and play hard.

CASSIUS WINSTON: Like Nick said, we played them before. So we probably know their tendencies a little bit better and they probably know ours better and it's not going to come down to X's and O's. It's going to come down to who plays the hardest.

MATT McQUAID: Playing each other earlier in the season they're a different team now and they're good. We just gotta be ready.

Q. Nick, curious how you're conditioning? How do you feel it's coming along? Do you feel like you're making progress? Secondly, how are you doing in terms of catching entry passes? Has that part been an adjustment in your recovery?
NICK WARD: My condition has come along. I've made great strides. Last week wasn't the best. This week I'm starting to feel normal and stuff like that. As far as catching the ball it is a bit of a challenge. Catching hard entry passes was my thing for a while, but since it's on my left hand it has made it challenging. But it's something I have to get used to.

Q. Nick, for you personally and also for Kenny and X, going up against Jordan Murphy and Daniel Oturu, how do you think you match-up against their bigs?
NICK WARD: Well, you know, their bigs are very talented and rebound and work hard. That's something we all do. And we just the got to know their tendencies at the end of the day and box out. That's a big part of our game plan, you know. In order for us to win we're going to have to contain them on the boards and contain them as best we can.

Q. Matt and Cassius, Amir Coffey has been playing more of the point the last few games since you guys have played each other and he's put together a string of games where he's really put the team on his back and carried Minnesota to the tournament. From a defense standpoint, how do you make adjustments on a guy who has suddenly gotten hot or has become a lot more successful at finding his game?
CASSIUS WINSTON: I think this is a better question for Matt and those guys, the stoppers. Like I said, he's been playing really, really well and doing a lot for that team. You've got to watch the film, watch his tendency and just try to make it as uncomfortable as possible for him. He's a good player, so he's going to make things happen. But if you put him in uncomfortable situations you got a better chance.

MATT McQUAID: He's a big reason why they're playing so well and watching the film and executing the coach's game plan is the main thing in stopping a player like that and trusting each other on the court and having each other's back.

Q. Cassius, your coach yesterday was praising your leadership more than your play. He was saying it was as well as you've ever led. Can you talk about holding players accountable and being a buffer between the players and your coach?
CASSIUS WINSTON: Yes, I've grown a lot in that area, being more comfortable, being vocal, and like I said, my teammates, they trust me. So I wouldn't steer them the wrong way. Took a while to gain their trust and things like that. So I wouldn't steer my teammates the wrong way and Coach trusts me, too, to give 'em that message and stuff like that.

Q. You probably have heard the reaction that Coach got nationally for the moment yesterday on the floor with his passion coming out. Everybody who plays for him comes out and just says that he's one of the best leaders that you could possibly have. Explain to us why Coach Izzo's style works for you as a basketball player as you try to lead and grow in yourself?
NICK WARD: Well, you know, Coach, him yelling yesterday was a sign that he wants the best for you and he wants to push you to be the best you can be on and off court. That's something we harp on in this program and something we build around, just making players into young men.

CASSIUS WINSTON: Coach is filled with passion and emotion and love, you know, those are the main things that make him as great as he is. When he's getting after you or when he's yelling it's never out of harm. It's never out of hate. It's literally him wanting the best for you and him challenging you and pushing you the best you can be and it's worked for years and years and years. He's a great coach and even a better person. Him yelling, he is the first one to yell and he will be the first one to cry when something bad or good happens. It's all emotion and it's all him caring for you.

MATT McQUAID: Like they said, it's a lot of love and you feel that when you get here and talk to him. He's got a passion that's crazy for this game and we all had the same goal and that was to win the game yesterday and you could feel that in the huddle. We just wanted to win.

Q. Guys, question for all three of you, Cassius you spoke yesterday about needing to settle into the tournament, the confidence and the nerves and everything that comes along with this tournament. Talk about where are you now compared to where you were 26 hours ago, nerveswise.
NICK WARD: I feel like this isn't our first rodeo. We know what to expect, you know, and we're experienced guys, you know. We got two juniors and a senior up here. I feel like our mindset was just to win the game yesterday. That's the whole mindset of the tournament is to survive and advance.

CASSIUS WINSTON: Like I said, the first game is always going to be difficult, just the rhythm of it, the pace of it, the referees, all the type of stuff you've got to adjust to and I feel like now we got that out of the way we can focus on the game of basketball, focus on our opponent at hand.

MATT McQUAID: We had to take it one game at a time; and like Cassius said, everything is important and now we just got to get ready for a good Minnesota team.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, gentlemen. Best of luck tomorrow.

Welcome head coach of the Michigan Wolverines, Tom Izzo. At this time we will have an opening statement.

TOM IZZO: We are excited to be here. I don't know if I'm as excited to play another Big Ten team. We just did it for 20 games and we just did it for three in the Big Ten tournament, but that's the way the schedule it. Everybody asked me is it easier to prepare for a team, we were two completely different teams than we were a month and a half ago. We didn't have Kenny Goins in that game. We did have Kyle Ahrens. We had Nick Ward full go and he played very well on the other side of the coin. Amir Coffey wasn't a shadow of the player he is right now, and Gabe Kalscheur is playing much, much better. Murphy and Oturu are playing better. We have only played once. It was a long time ago and the prep feels brand new. I'm proud of where we are. I'm excited for Richard because he went through hell there in early part of the Big Ten season with some injuries of his own and he got that team back playing and they're playing as good as anybody in the league. That was proven in the Big Ten tournament.

Q. Tom, you have long said since you started you wanted to build a program and earn respect. Richard Pitino just said every time he's coached against you he's learned something and there is no coach in America that he has more respect for. Your program has it, but so do you. As an elder statesman in the game are you able to appreciate that appreciation and respect?
TOM IZZO: What a kind way of saying you old man, elder statesman. That's pretty good. I gotta remember that. Richard, hey, same boat, I remember going against his dad and learning things from him. But I have watched his career because it's not easy to do what he did at his age and kinda go through the tough times of the job, but he's survived them. I think that's the greatest part. You know, he's not only survived them, but he's got his team playing the best its playing. Who doesn't love a kid like Murphy? If you're me you definitely love him because he can be rebound with anybody in the world. He's set some records. He's a tough kid, yet a humble kid. I recruited Amir Coffey. I know how good he is. Unfortunately, for us he might be playing at the best level. It's great to go against people that, you know, players that you admire and a young coach who is coming into it and setting these standards that he's set coming off the canvas like they did early on when they struggled a little bit early on and now playing their best basketball. So hats off to him, too.

Q. Given the make-up of Minnesota's roster, why has Gabe Kalscheur as a freshman developed into such a match-up problem for a lot of teams?
TOM IZZO: Because it's hard. Who do you guard him with? You've gotta guard. Amir Coffey has become a point forward and Amir Coffey and Dupree McBrayer, if there is one thing that's changed on this team they're getting into the paint a lot, and they can see over people, 6'7", 6'5", they're athletic, long. They shoot good enough, but they can get into that paint and look over people and if you get into the paint you gotta help at all, they've got two true Big Ten big men that are rebounding the ball. They're physical down there. So I just think in general, Gabe Kalscheur, if you double down, he's a spot-up shooter. If he penetrates the guards are big enough to find him. He moves pretty well without the ball. I watched him in AAU tournaments and the kid can flat out shoot it. He had 17 against us the first time, but you can just see everybody is becoming better because those freshmen become sophomores at this time.

Q. I know that you were real close with the late Flip Saunders and you have had talks with Ryan. Has he's gone through a tough year? Are you speaking to him and are they late night conversations like you had with Flip?
TOM IZZO: Not as late as with Flip. He used to watch what was that, QVC, or whatever it was, I think he bought cheap watches and cheap coats there. Flip was a special guy. I got to know Ryan early on through Flip and when he played at Minnesota. I'm so impressed with what Ryan has done. I talked to him the day he was being offered the job. I was up in Minnesota earlier in the year. We scrimmaged Gonzaga and spent some time with him over at the hotel. It's a sad deal, a really sad deal, because not only one of the great coaches in the profession but one of the great guys. I remember going up there for the funeral and the coaches that flew in, Popovich, Doc Rivers, they had games that night and they flew up. That's respect beyond respect. With Ryan, I watched the first night what he won his first game and got his little shower and everything, and I said how was that? He said, I had my suit on. I said, trust me. Enjoy it. Hope it happens a lot because it never happens enough!

He's doing a great job. It's not easy to do what he did. I see that team. I read some of the comments by some of those players, and if he can hang on I think he's going to be a star in that league before he is done. I really do.

Q. What are some of the challenges associated with defending someone like Jordan Murphy and how big of a challenge has he been over the years?
TOM IZZO: God, he's a rebounding machine, you know, and I love rebounders. Every time we play him at the end of the game, I guess I secretively would be trying to get him to transfer immediately because I love the kid. He's humble, he's got no ego, he doesn't talk it, he just is does it. Who doesn't love a kid like that? What he's done a better job of is putting the ball on the floor a lot better. He never used to be able to shoot the ball over his left shoulder. He was a right hander who shot it over his right shoulder which was weird. I think he's developing and his game. I think Richard and he both deserve credit for that. But he is a lot different and I think a better player than the one we faced a month and a half, two months ago, whenever it was.

Q. I know there was a lot not to like yesterday but in terms of, it was a win and you're moving on. So what did you like in terms of items or moments or observations that you saw that can help the team however far the rest of this tournament run goes?
TOM IZZO: Well, I liked the way that we sucked it up, you know, I mean, it was a tough week with the three games and the travel. A lot of people have to do something like this, but it was hard. I think Kenny Goins, you know, he played like 39, 40 minutes in those games in Chicago and had to play a ton of minutes last night and I thought struggled a little bit. But I thought Cassius is feeling better. The toe is better. The knee is better. Still got fatigued a little bit, but I think healthwise he's better and Xavier came on.

I think a big key for us right now, because we need a lift, too, is getting Nick back. Nick came back when he probably wasn't ready to come back. It wasn't anything that was going to damage his hand. I just mean physically ready and conditioning. He got the approval to go and it was like playing. Nick has played very well against Minnesota and I was hoping to get him a few more minutes last night. When you play those smaller teams they got guys that can pick and pop and shoot threes or put the ball on the floor. Now we're getting back into more traditional teams and I'm hoping to get Nick in there more and get a real rotation so Kenny and X get a little more rest. On the perimeter we are what we are. There might even be times we can move Kenny around to different positions. So we'll see. I liked the competitiveness. I liked the fact that we dealt with some adversity and handled it. I like the fact that Cassius really took over the game again like a good point guard should. Matt McQuaid hit a couple big shots. Aaron Henry made the big post move and a couple of free throws and I had to love the fact that you go 26 for 27 or 25 for, whatever we did from the free throw line. It was a couple years ago when we were a disaster. So I think our coaches and our players deserve a lot of credit. They've worked on it. They made all their free throws and Kenny apologized to them for missing that one and didn't bother me any.

Q. Tom, you talked about Kenny playing a lot of minutes. I believe he's 4 for the last 18 from three over his last three games. He said yesterday that his shot felt flat. What are you seeing from a fatigue standpoint or mechanically about his shot?
TOM IZZO: I think there are two things when your shot is a little flat means you're not getting enough lift with your legs, but I also think people are playing him different and without Nick in there you can press up on the perimeter because you don't have to worry as much down low. So a combination of things. Kenny still found a way to get 9 rebounds and do some things and that stretch for him, what he did was one of the reasons we won the Big Ten in the Big Ten tournament. I think just being here a day and getting through that first game, last night's walkthrough, today's walkthrough there is a little bit more of a freshness to this team. I think we will be ready to go. We're going to have to be because they're playing their best basketball of the season.

Q. Tom, you always talked about player-coached team being better than a coach-coached team, what does it mean for you that Cassius can project your message and help the young guys?
TOM IZZO: Cassius has grown a lot. I always kid him because his freshman year wasn't a walk in the park or all roses either, but who's was? It's amazing the calls you get at this time of year from former players and everybody, freshman, that's why you're called a freshman. You don't know anything. You have no idea what it takes to win because you've never been at this level. So I always believed that leadership, and I think Matt McQuaid and Cassius Winston have done a phenomenal job. My whole thing with him is let's take your defense to another level and your leadership to another level and he keeps answering the bell, you know?

I get proud of people when I see a change, especially change in an area that maybe as a lot of people say, well that's his personality. I've always said, you gotta change your personality, too, if you want to be a great or elite player. I think Cassius is really working on that. So I'm proud of him for that. He came in to a huddle one time when he made some mistakes and a couple of turnovers and that 7-8 point lead went down to minus 1 for us. When people take blame that is such a beautiful thing nowadays. He's just turning into a good leader, a great player, and able to do some things because he is the even keeled guy on my team. You know, there is nobody like Cassius. He's learning how to use that to his advantage.

Q. Your thoughts on the Big Ten going 6-0 so far at March Madness. What does that say about the conference and the toughness?
TOM IZZO: It's one of the rare times in my whole life that I ever pull from my in-state rival for a little bit. I have to do it because I don't think the Big Ten sometimes gets the respect it deserves, you know? I said all year I thought ours was the best conference top to bottom and you can argue that a million different ways and there is no way to prove it. One way to prove it is to just keep winning and when I see all those Big Ten teams winning, I just watched Iowa before I came here and I had my Hawkeye jersey on, especially when you've been in the league as long as I have and I'm the guy who has been here the most years. It's not only part of my job, part of my obligation. I do feel my school is Michigan State, but I have a sense of ownership for the Big Ten, too, and I think it's been great. That's the only part that's disappointing, that we gotta face each other in the second weekend, at least us and Minnesota do. But I hope the league keeps winning.

Q. Tom, I know you've talked about how Minnesota is different than the first time you played 'em. What about you guys? You were coming off a losing streak and busting out. How different is your team since then?
TOM IZZO: It is different. Kenny is back and he wasn't there but for a couple of minutes of that game. Kyle is not there and he played in that game and maybe the biggest difference was I think Nick had 22 or 20 points. And Nick is pretty good defensively, especially on a good post player. Now, I think a guy like Murphy or Oturu are both better at putting the ball on the floor than they were early. We're both different. If they shoot the ball like they did yesterday, that makes them a lot different than they've been all year, you know? They've been a low 30s shooting team from the three and they're just shooting the ball better right now or at least did yesterday. Like all of us, everybody is a little inconsistent, you know? They played so well a couple of games. Then they played a game or two that they weren't as good in and we've done the same thing.

I thought it was a big win for them yesterday. I thought, I know how good Louisville is. We played against them and I thought pretty much Minnesota dominated them, definitely over half the game.

Q. I was in between you and Bob yesterday when you guys were talking about the exchange with Henry. Were you surprised at all by the national reaction? I guess those of us who are around the program more often were less surprised by what happened.
TOM IZZO: You know, it's funny. I learned in the last couple of years about sound bytes, and there is a 10-second sound byte in a two-year relationship. I just think that people don't understand that coaches, at least this coach, relies on relationships with his players. I think more than any coach in the country. That's an egotistical or selfish statement or self proclaimed. But I think it's been earned. The number of players that called me last night that had already called Aaron, and that thing was, I won't say it was nothing, it was nothing. The 10 seconds, you gotta appreciate that there is a year and a half of recruiting. There is a year that he's been there now. There is hours and hours and hours spent on what did you want to accomplish? What do you need to do to accomplish that? What do you need to do to help our team win? If you don't do those things what do you think my job is? So a little bit surprised. This day and age doesn't. To me it was ridiculous the way it blew up. I would publicly thank the many, many people that just saw it as ridiculous. People reacted. It's nothing to do with anything with me, with Aaron. I was thinking of benching him, but I decided I'm going to start him anyway and we're going to move on. He's a great kid. That has improved so much, but for us to be a championship team for us to move on he's got to continue to improve even more. He understands that. I understand that. My players understand that. I hate to say it, that's all that really matters to me.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much, Coach.

Q. Amir, when this team was sort of at its low point late in the season, 7-10 in conference, from that point on you seem to have taken your game to a new level. Did you feel like at that point the team needed someone to lift it to get where it needed to go?
AMIR COFFEY: Not really. I just knew we had to stay the course and keep playing and, you know, we didn't really change anything. For offensive schemes or defense schemes, we just kept playing hard. Some of those games we were losing they were like 1-2 point games and we were close, but we had to overcome those losses and push through.

Q. Amir, playing Michigan State, good thing or bad thing? What do you remember about that first meeting?
AMIR COFFEY: I mean, we're going to be ready for anybody that is put up against us, so I would say it's a good thing. We're happy to play Michigan State or Bradley. The first time at their place, our offense just wasn't clicking. They had some good defense possessions on us and on the defense side we weren't rebounding very well. They had a lot of second-chance points and we were pretty bad in transition. So we're going to sharpen up on those three categories and be ready for tomorrow.

Q. Guys, the Big Ten hasn't had a match-up like this in the history of the NCAA Tournament, especially this early and since it's expanded to 64 teams. After the conference schedule, first of all how much of a grind was 20 games for you guys; and second of all, do you think it's fair that the Big Ten should be matched up this early in the tournament?
AMIR COFFEY: I mean, we don't really try to get into that. However, the NCAA Tournament does the seeds and the match-up is how they do it. We have no control over that. We just have to be ready for whoever we are matched up against. We try not to get into that.

DUPREE McBRAYER: Same thing as Amir said, we're not worried about who we playin', or like, how the seeding was. We're just ready to go out there and play hard.


Q. Keyontae, a lot more presence inside, you guys had a lot of points in the paint. What do you attribute that to?
KEYONTAE JOHNSON: We just try to go inside first and then go out and hit threes, but Kevarrius was getting offensive rebounds and getting put-backs and fouls and I feel like he was a big part to the inside paint.

Q. Andrew, you guys have a tough task against Michigan coming up. What's the mindset of you guys heading into this match-up?
ANDREW NEMBHARD: The mindset is locking in. We know they're really good offensively and defensively, so we have to lock in on our personnel, know their sets, what they're trying to do. I know they have a lot of shooters, so trying to make them bounce, score twos and limit turnovers for sure.

Q. For you guys, what was it like your first NCAA Tournament experience? Was it what you expected and have you gotten used to the glitz and the glamour?
ANDREW NEMBHARD: Yeah, I think it was what we expected. SEC tournament I think was a good preparation for us, quite similar to this tournament, a lot of hype, a lot of media around. I think we handled it well.

NOAH LOCKE: Just like what he said, I feel like the SEC was probably good preparation for us. It's much more media than SEC, but I feel like we were pretty much prepared for it.

KEYONTAE JOHNSON: I also feel the same about the SEC tournament. We play in a lot of big games, so I try to treat every game like a regular game, not think about we are in a tournament, just try to play as hard as I can.

Q. There was a moment yesterday in which things could have really crumbled as the lead got whittled down and down and down. Who was the most important, whether that was Coach or someone in a huddle in a timeout, who was there to keep things calm when there would be a chance for everybody to get rattled?
KEYONTAE JOHNSON: I would say Andrew. He was keeping everybody in check and trying to keep everybody good, so we weren't like, we had been in these moments before when teams make a run at the last minute. So Andrew was telling everybody, we good. Just next play and do our thing and we just took it and we got the win.

Q. Did you say anything in particular?
ANDREW NEMBHARD: He was just trying to say stay together, but a lot of guys on the bench were preaching together, so it wasn't just me. Everybody on the team came together.

Q. Guys, Big Ten, SEC, both tough conferences. When you look at Michigan on tape do they do anything different than some of the teams in the SEC or just one of the better teams you played this year?
ANDREW NEMBHARD: I think they're probably the most, like, overall probably the best overall team we've played all year with a high offensive end and defense efficiency. I think they're a little different in that they play a slower pace than the fast SEC teams and the size is a little bit different than some of the SEC teams. I'm not sure that would change our approach or anything for us.

NOAH LOCKE: I feel like they're probably one of the best shooting teams, shooting three-point teams we're going to play. They run a lot of sets, too. We just went through a few of their sets and it was a lot that we had to take in. We can handle it. It's nothing we can't do.

KEYONTAE JOHNSON: I felt like they were a good three-point shooting team. I would probably say they shoot really well. We looked at the scout and their guards and bigs can shoot it. So I would say they are probably way better, not way better, but better overall on the offensive and defensive side.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen.

Pleasure to have Florida head coach, Mike White. Coach, opening statement?

MIKE WHITE: Thank you. Just excited to be here, excited to play against a team as prestigious as the Wolverines. Huge opportunity and a challenge for us, and a team that is good year in and year out throughout the country and the number one defensive team in the nation as well. Extremely well-coached, prepared, tough, disciplined. It's going to be a very tough challenge for us, but we're excited about the opportunity.

Q. Mike, where did you think you saw Jalen Hudson turn the corner from what was obviously a pretty struggling first half to first two-thirds of the season?
MIKE WHITE: You could probably help me with this. I remember it was a press conference next door to the office when we talked about the fact that he had just come off his best two practices of the year. Right? And you could probably put your thumb on it quicker than I could, but we had planned on giving him more opportunity that next game and I'm not sure he played great that next game, but he played. It might have been a road game, if I'm not mistaken, could it have been at Alabama, maybe? I'm not sure.

But it was midway through the conference season. He earned more minutes and in that game he played really hard and he played with a renewed level of intensity and urgency. Then it was either the following game, one of the next couple of games where he broke through a little bit offensively. From that point on he brought it in practice every day and started, you could hear his voice more in practice and in film sessions. He took more ownership, started trying to help Hayes lead a little bit. He's locked in, day in and day out and leading where he was vocal on the court in the practice we just concluded. So just a different side to him about halfway through the conference season. He's been very good since. He's playing well.

Q. Do you think some of that has -- you always talk about don't let defense bleed into offense. Do you think when he started making shots that kinda helped him turn that corner even more so?
MIKE WHITE: I don't know whether it was him making shots or the fact that he was really locked in and playing at an intensity level that allowed him to get more minutes, which allowed him to get more shots and allowed him to score more. It's like the chicken or the egg, which one comes first?

I don't know which one is a bigger factor, but I think it all correlates. I know he's in a much better offensive rhythm than he was earlier in the year and I know he's playing harder as well. It's a really unique situation. It's a story, you know, of perseverance, the adversity that Jalen Hudson had early in this season is very unique. The guy was preseason National Player of the Year candidate. So I can't imagine the things that were going through his head, the things that he was struggling with. But he continued to remain positive and continued fighting, and here he is, you know, with a chance potentially to continue to advance, you know, in the NCAA Tournament. It was very important to him late in the year. He became pretty vocal, communicated with myself and our staff and our team that he really wanted to play in the NCAA Tournament. That was very important to him. So I'm happy for him.

Q. I believe I saw you seated in one of the media rows for the first half of the Michigan game last night after the victory. I'm curious if there is anything that your eyes as a coach tell you when you watch your next opponent that tape might not?
MIKE WHITE: First and foremost, the size of Jon Teske. His size. Their level of communication on the court, especially defensively. Their attention to detail. Their discipline. Their skill level. The fact that they all pass, dribble and shoot it. I've seen these guys play so much on TV and we all like watching Michigan play and they're a little closer to us than most programs because of Darris Nichols and his background of having played for Coach Beilein. We like to think we've learned a lot watching these guys, but in person those would be the first things that stuck out.

In addition, I would say the strength that some of these guys, especially Teske and Livers, I was very familiar with Isaiah, having tried to recruit him myself.

Q. As the lead was dwindling, in the second half, what did you end up being most impressed by amongst your team of finding whatever moment, whether that was huddle or on floor or something to plug the hole in the dam, so to speak? Who stepped up in the way they needed to?
MIKE WHITE: Hayes tried to lead as he always has, especially in the last two or three months. This has become his team. Andrew Nembhard has become a great leader as a freshman and his voice was heard throughout the second half trying to pull guys together, demanding effort and poise from his teammates at timeouts. We never found a great defense rhythm really until the last couple minutes of the game. So I would say overall the fact that despite having a long scoring drought and having two or three shots, I think, if I'm not mistaken, I've moved on to Michigan quickly, but just roll around the rim and couldn't find a way in for us to settle us in, the free throws and the field goals that we scored late in the game, you know, the poise to keep plugging and convert those. I guess those were most important and those were what got us the win so impressed that we just kept pluggin', didn't allow. We had a stretch there where we didn't value the ball at a very high level, but then late in the game we slowed down a little bit, even when we weren't getting stops, we slowed down and gave ourselves a chance and obviously converted enough very late.

Q. Is it as simple as consistency then that will be the big difference if you're able to win tomorrow? Because the starts to both halves last night were very strong. But is it just maybe a more balanced 40-minute effort? I hate to boil it down to something as simple as that, but that might be it?
MIKE WHITE: I don't know that we were inconsistent. Obviously, we were. I don't know that it was us losing edge and intensity and focus as much as it was Nevada changing what they were doing and speeding us up. We tried to control tempo and I think for the most part we did. We definitely did in the first 20 and early in the second half but when they started running and jumping at us and making us play faster, making us play downhill and making basketball plays by having two on the basketball, it just changed the entire outlook of the whole game. It changed the tempo. It changed our level of confidence, their level of confidence.

So I think that was pretty unique. I don't know that we'll see any of that in tomorrow's game. But do we need to be consistent for forty minutes to beat these guys? Absolutely. We're going to have to play our best game of the year to beat Michigan. We're going to have to be consistent offensively and defensively on the glass, going to have to play with great confidence and great focus.

Q. Simpson has been a guy whose passing has helped drive the motor for that offense, especially in the Big Ten tournament, carving apart zones. What's the strategy to neutralize his passing and play making ability?
MIKE WHITE: He's had a great year. He's more than 3-1 turnover ratio, plays at a great tempo. He's tough with the basketball. He's strong. Again, they really space you out. They run great actions, and he's a guy with the ball in his hands a bunch who is responsible for, you know, the pass leading to the basket. We've got to have great focus of course on him and he demands that, but the guys that are finishing those passes are equally as important. We've got to be there on the catch with shooters, our ball screen defense has got to be great. Our base principles will be tested in terms of just simply staying in a stance and being alert and communicating. All of those factors that help you succeed defensively.

Q. Coach, you mentioned Michigan's size. Nevada came at you with a lot of size, yet you guys seemed to handle it. There was a point of emphasis heading into Nevada? Did you adjust for that and are you going to do the same thing against Michigan or just play your game?
MIKE WHITE: We're just going to be who we are. We have been undersized all year. Keith Stone went out with an ACL, and we had another four-man transfer for us at Christmas. Keyontae Johnson became our 4-man by necessity. He's not a 4-man. He's a wing and we don't another 4 off the bench. So Keyontae's back-ups are our guards as well. This group has become really, really scrappy and they haven't made any excuses. They continue to battle. We'll do so tomorrow.

We've consistently played really hard, defended with intensity, fought, battled, haven't always made all the right plays, but defensively for the most part and on the glass, our guys give it their all, led my Kevarrius Hayes. That said, I do think Nevada did hurt us with their size at times especially on the offensive glass. I believe they had 19 offensive rebounds if I'm not mistaken. Size, again, will be key tomorrow. Hopefully we can neutralize it with just making big plays, getting two-handed plays, getting loose balls, playing physical, but playing clean as well. Especially on the interior.

Q. He said last night that he still isn't 100% healthy, but Charles Matthews looked the part. I think Coach is trying to build his physicality up after being out. Do you try to tire him out? What are the perils of trying to do something like that? How problematic is he no matter what his health is at?
MIKE WHITE: Really good player. We're not going to concern ourselves at all with how healthy he is, how good he's feeling. He's a good offensive player, good defense player, active, athletic. He's got a lot of experience. We're going to run our stuff and try to defend him at the highest level possible, but I can't imagine that's a big factor in the game.

THE MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. For all three of you, you guys have been playing great defense all year, including the two games here. When it did that become a point of pride for you guys to play defense that way?
JORDAN POOLE: Me personally when I got on campus they made a major emphasis on defense, Coach Ya came in and I think that's what turned everybody around, everybody brought in and guys from last year on the team still and bringing it to the team this year is something that we have bought into and something we pride ourselves on.

CHARLES MATTHEWS: I think that the pride part of it started last summer when guys were in here playing one-on-one from sunup to sundown. JP was playing one-on-one, D-Bo, we was playing one-on-ones, and nobody wanted to be the guy that was embarrassed and talked about the day after on that's what started us locking up.

JON TESKE: It starts beginning of practice and you don't want to get scored on and it's the pride part. We don't want to let our brothers down and keeping each other accountable and just D-ing up.

Q. I don't know how many times Florida players had good looks to the basket and they significantly altered their shot or passed it out. How nice is that?
CHARLES MATTHEWS: It's huge, and last year we had Mo and he wasn't blocking those shots. He will tell you that, I'm not Blake Griffin, bro! Just having him down that helps us to pressure the ball and we know if we make mistakes, he's behind us and can cover it up.

JORDAN POOLE: Being able to have Jon back there to save us, I got beat earlier tonight on the backdoor and Jon was able to wall up and being able to have him as our anchor is definitely huge.

Q. They came out, hit six threes in the first half and then shot 3 of 14, 21% in the second half. What changed defensively? Did you smell blood in the water? What happened?
JON TESKE: They got a couple of easy looks. Couple of ball screens thrown over the top. We were just trying to shut that water off. Six threes in the first half is a lot for us. We only give up two or three a game and we don't let that happen.

JORDAN POOLE: Like Jon said, we felt like we needed to make a change and they were getting shots because they were getting open looks and able to capitalize on that and having them make tougher baskets and the 2 point percentage is something that the stats showed they weren't well at and I think it was huge to contest them and not let them get threes in the second half.

CHARLES MATTHEWS: We wanted to shut off their water. They were getting open looks and our coaching staff did a great job of recognizing that and we just followed the game plan.

Q. Jordan, last year in the second round you had that game winner against Houston, this year 19 points. What is it about the second round? Were you thinking about that going into the game?
JORDAN POOLE: I'm just excited to go to California. Being in the position where we win this game we went to LA last year and now I think we go to Anaheim, I think that was really about it.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen. Questions for Coach?

Q. Coach, perhaps just your perspective on the difference in defense in the second half, especially 5 and a half minutes without them scoring a point at a point where it had gotten down to 7. Anything change? Intensity? What?
JOHN BEILEIN: They have three guys on their team that we talk about they can get their own jump shot. We have a guy in our league. Carsen Edwards at Purdue is like that. They have three of them. They're so quick and what happened is they were on running great ball screen action and we only had a single tag and it was so high we kept missing it and gave them really good shots. That was a big difference, gave them really good shots.

Second half, the kids adjusted and did a great job with it. They didn't get as open is the simple answer. They did not get as open and it was changing. We did a couple of different things and tried to change up. Andrew Nembhard is so talented we had to continue to give him different looks. He's just a freshman. We had to give him looks that he had to discern.

Q. Coach, they all three said "shut the water off" talk about that. Is that something you guys talk about or did they make it up on the fly?
JOHN BEILEIN: I think we mentioned it, but it's not a catch phrase with us. But it is something that we're really proud of, our defensive numbers and there is all the analytics out there, but I think we're one of the very top 10 in the country if not 1 or 2 in DER, et cetera. Charles and Zavier, Jon protects the rim, Charles and Zavier are "on" guys. Iggy and Jordan are growing defensively. It's not just the coaches. Those two are on them all the time to make sure they buy into this idea, you can win scoring 64 points, right? If you hold them to 49.

Q. (Away from mic.)
JOHN BEILEIN: There is no question. Charles came off and gave up a three. He was so upset with himself. Andrew Nembhard hit the 3 behind that scene he should have never gone behind that screen and he was upset with himself and he was telling everybody we can't give them anymore threes and they didn't get too many open ones.

Q. John, playing defense the way you have not just in the tournament but over the whole season obviously takes buy-in from the players. Did you have to do a sales job to get them to play this way? Or was it easier than that?
JOHN BEILEIN: I think our 33 wins last year was the sales job. They knew it, right? We had a team with veteran players, Muhammad-Ali was a really good defender and Duncan Robinson became a good defender. People used to pick on early and he got so smart with his defense and they saw it firsthand that that a team could beat really good teams last year, really good teams, with defense.

Q. Obviously you build the season to peak for these moments these couple of weeks. Assess the performance of these first two rounds. The scoreboard and everything would say that it may be went close to script. Would you agree with that?
JOHN BEILEIN: You guys are scripting it. I'm not. I thought Montana was a terrible match-up for us. I think they had all those shooters. They were all over the place. We continue to, but that's how I think all the time. I'm always thinking what could happen in this game.

This team with that jump-shooting team and the changing and in defense. Really, how much can you prep? You walk through. You can't do it at game speed and that 1-3-1 was very much like the one we played at West Virginia and Richmond. It was very good, but we couldn't do it live yesterday and I'm pleased with the way we did it. Was there a script? No, at this time of the year everybody is good. Anybody can beat anybody.

Q. Coach, you talked about that 1-3-1. It seemed in the first half you got good looks, shots just didn't fall. Did you do something differently in the second half?
JOHN BEILEIN: I thought the looks were good, but they were a little deep. We settled. Maybe we could have got, we have some guys that have the dog fences on there. They get to the NBA line and they stop instead of shooting no further than they needed top. But we changed just the geometry of our approach and changed it several times just to keep giving them different looks and we discovered during that time when we went to spot A or B they went man-to-man. This helped us out. The first half had we saw it three possessions all year and saw it 10 in the first half. It was really the secret to our success at West Virginia in particular because nobody sees it that played that way.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much, Coach.

Q. Cassius, when Izzo told you it was time to take over how do you do that while keeping within yourselves? You answered with a three-pointer and a couple of floaters. When you have that green light how do you do it and stay solid?
CASSIUS WINSTON: It's about your energy level and your approach, focusing on the task at hand. You've got to make big plays. I've got to be who I am for this team. That's my role for this team. That's what I've been doing all year. I don't try to do too much. I don't try to put the world on my shoulders, but I try to make plays to the best of my ability.

Q. Xavier, Nick, when you see Cassius go on that run to push it back to 16, what's your reaction to that in the moment?
NICK WARD: It was big, you know, because they went on a little run, but Cassius went on a scoring spree, you know, and just put us up big.

XAVIER TILLMAN: For me, that's just typical Cassius. That's just what he does. Whenever we need him to score, whenever we need him to distribute, whenever we need him to just lead vocally he does whatever we need him to do, and that was just another day in the park.

Q. Cassius and Nick, where are you healthwise and how bad do you need rest? Few days off sound good for you guys?
NICK WARD: I'm just getting back in the swing of things. I'm was out four weeks, so I'm just excited to be on the court. I'm starting to feel like my regular self again. So I'm good, personally.

TOM IZZO: You're not.

CASSIUS WINSTON: I'm just happy to be in the tournament grind and I knew it was going to be a grinder weekend, but I was okay in the games. I made it through the games and I feel like I did pretty decent. Now we got some time to get back home, get some treatment and get a little rest and by next go-round I will be fully ready.

Q. Xavier, Sweet 16 for your team, your first one for a lot of your guys. Your thoughts about getting that far?
XAVIER TILLMAN: I'm just excited more so because my freshman year it didn't end the way I was hoping to. So I'm just excited we were able to advance past this pointed and more excited for our program because we haven't been able to do that for three years, to break the curse feels pretty good.

THE MODERATOR: Gentlemen, thank you very much. At this time we will take questions for Coach.

Q. Tom, five games in eight days, right? Your energy and focus the way you guys came out, were you surprised by that?
TOM IZZO: I was surprised for the first ten minutes and then as all coaches would be, you know, disappointed. We had 11 turnovers at halftime and talked about it. So one thing about my team they listen well. We had 11 turnovers the second half, too. That part was disappointing but the focus early, the execution early, we got our fast break going. I'm a little concerned because he's struggling.

I mean, Nick is, if I am to be honest with you, that wasn't the best I've seen Cassius play and if he can do that not playing his best that bodes well. But we're going to have to get him some rest these next couple of days. They had five games in nine days. We had five games in eight days. At this high level when you're playing the teams you're playing, for what's at stake it's both mentally and physically grinding, you know, and I don't know, it was tough. Yet I was happy that Cassius answered the bell, you know. But we had some other guys that played pretty well. Matt McQuaid and Aaron Henry were I thought really good, probably should have had them up here. They probably played as good as anybody.

Q. You guys all but shut Gabe Kalscheur down. How were you able to keep him from getting any good looks at all? Early he tried to force it and after that it was almost nothing, how were you guys so effective?
TOM IZZO: We put Aaron on Amir Coffey and if you think about putting a freshman on their best because we thought Matt McQuaid could stay with him and Gabe Kalscheur has been on fire, and them two, they were in the Big Ten tournament and with the injury that Murphy. I don't want to take all the credit because I told Richard before the game, you know, being one of the elder coaches in this league, it's fun for me to see some of these teams, the job he did, you know, and they almost pronounced him dead there in the middle of January. When you can bring your team back from something like that and he had a lot of injuries and I know what that's like, that speaks volumes of the coach. I give him a lot of credit and I give us some credit.

But we were really focused early and we lost some focus and some of it was Cassius and he said he was worn down and I always tell him when the head goes the body follows. He's our head. When he got back on the horse, the rest of the guys did. It's pretty cool that he's got that much impact on our team.

Q. Cassius obviously had those 7 points in a row, but he had a steal and a deflection that led to another steal. How was he able to impact the game on that end of the floor?
TOM IZZO: That's what I said. If you watched him it's hard to self-evaluate and hard to see yourself if you're playing and we were sitting on the bench and it looked like he was hardly moving. You know, and I guess I will be transparent which sometimes gets me in trouble but we'll do it anyway. He was hurting, you know. He just was worn out. I said, well, here is the way it is, my man, we got, you know, 20-some minutes left. If you're worn out you'll get a lot of rest. If you're not worn out you got another week or so and you'll get a lot of rest any way.

So how about we get after it and try to prolong this because it's like I tell people sleep is overrated you know you can do it for a million years later on. And that's what I told Cassius. I just love the fact that he responded. He wouldn't have responded like that two years ago if you ask me. He responded and I know how he felt. Yet I also know what he did. It was pretty impressive.

Q. Tom, I think it's 14 Sweet 16s for you in 22 years. Does it feel like some of the other ones? How does it feel now?
TOM IZZO: This one feels better. We were disappointed in '16. We had a real good team and we had a loss to a team that played better, Middle Tennessee, and the next year people said we didn't play well. We had injuries to our bigs and I thought, last year, so many issues. But I look at these guys and these guys have won 60 games now in two years. That's a hell of an accomplishment and getting back to the Sweet 16, there's nothing like playing when it stays daylight longer. You come out of those practices now and the sun is still shining. It's the greatest feeling in the world.

Q. It seems like Nick Ward has to learn to play again and the team has to learn to play around him again. That's the next thing to work on, I imagine?
TOM IZZO: Think about it, since Nick has been back, we had two practices before the Big Ten tournament and now we have 1 and a half practices since then and now we go back Sunday, probably take the day off Monday and then Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday get practice and that's going to be good for him. I think the guys were good and they wanted to get the ball into him. They know he's been hurting. He's averaging 17, 18 points a game and it's taken away from you and you want to get it all back in one possession.

I thought he was really good early and then all of the sudden he started forcing a few things and then he settled down late and that was a big step to keep him in there late. So I'm happy for Nick. It's be not easy to do what he's trying to do. It's not easy for our team. We reinvent the wheel 15 times this year and now maybe we don't have to reinvent it. We just have to firm it up a little bit and do a little bit better job of getting these guys to feel comfortable with each other. Why we turned it over like we did, I mean, I've never seen Cassius throw hook passes into guys' arms three times or Kenny sit there and throw it into guys' arms. They either had hellaciously long arms or my guys were in a fog there a little bit and maybe a combination of both. I give them credit.

But, you know, even when they bounce back and cut it to 9, not as easy as you think then to get back off the carpet and do what we did either, you know? It has been a brutal eight days and I'm just proud as hell of my team for doing it and the way everybody is responding and now looking forward to going Washington D.C. That will be a treat. I guess we got LSU. That's been determined and another challenge.

Thank you, and let me say this: They told me when I got here that this was a heck of a place to hold one of these, not the biggest city and this and that. But it was awesome and whoever was in charge of the weather, probably you, hell of a job. Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Richard, obviously with the Nate Mason injury and Akeem Springs, and then you get here and no Jordan Murphy, Curry or Matz, do you feel snake bit?
RICHARD PITINO: A little bit, yeah, but you try to create your own luck. We've had some injuries at the wrong times, but we're not going to complain about it. I do believe that things will even out at some point. But, yeah, I think two years ago we had the same thing happen with Akeem and Nate getting hurt and to go into this the second leading scorer in school history, the second leading rebounder in Big Ten and leading rebounder here a little bit. So hopefully it evens out.

Q. You went up to Jordan Murphy with 2 minutes left in the first half. Was that to give him a check and he was going to be able to come and talk about the curtain call at the end?
RICHARD PITINO: I talked out and watched him warm up. He didn't look good before the game. It's hard because you keep asking him, during the day, how do you feel and he says I feel so much better than yesterday, because he's such a tough kid. But they got off to a 11-2 start, not to blame Murph, but he couldn't laterally move. But it got us a little bit and he's such a tough kid and he's like I'll just stand. This is not ideal, Murph. It's almost fitting with him that he hasn't missed a game his whole career, started every game but 11, still didn't miss because he played today. But it almost felt like a heavyweight fighter continuing to fight through it even though he's bruised and beat up. That was him until the end. I wanted to get him that moment, you know. That was special for everybody. Very thankful to the fans who showed up. They were awesome. We didn't have a lot left in the tank, but I am appreciative of the love that they showed Jordan and those guys.

Q. For both of you, talk about the emotions, what Jordan Murphy went through, and what were you thinking after the game?
AMIR COFFEY: Really just feeling for him. The way he's fought over these years and everything he gave to the program, not being able to play in a game like this, in the tournament from an injury is pretty tough. So, you know, just feeling for him. It's just tough.

JARVIS OMERSA: Murphy has been to hell and back and then back again and came back. He's fought through it all and in the long run he will get what he deserves. He's just a tough kid.

Q. Amir, you emptied the clip in these last few games, left it all out there. What do you think this year as a whole did for your development as a player?
AMIR COFFEY: Just kept working throughout the year, trying to get better at everything. I mean, really just developing everything, shooting, dribbling, and then just otherwise just mindset things, how I carried myself in the games and just figuring out ways to affect the game and to do what I could for my team.

Q. Amir, talk about the run that you were able to go on to cut it to 9 and what happened after that with Cassius?
AMIR COFFEY: Yeah, I think we had a smaller lineup in for our five. We tried to push the tempo a little bit and get them scrambling and it was working. We cut it to 8 or 9, and we had the momentum, crowd got into it and Cassius hit some big shots. That really killed us. We had it going a little bit and Cassius just came through for Michigan State and hit some clutch shots for him that stopped the run.

Q. Coach, it looked like you were talking to Tom over there. Can you talk about that?
RICHARD PITINO: He was asking about Jordan, tough blow, a guy that I respect versus LSU. I think he has a team that can make some noise and continue to advance.

Q. How would you sum up this year and where you feel like the program is and where it's going?
AMIR COFFEY: I mean, I think we did a lot of things that people didn't believe we could do. Like Coach was saying, for the last 10 games we weren't favored to win one of them so just staying resilient and blocking out all the outside noise and playing our game. What were we preseason for Big Ten?

RICHARD PITINO: Toward the bottom.

AMIR COFFEY: We were in the bottom. Nobody believed in us but our coaches and our players. So I think we really changed people's minds and we just kept fighting all year. We won a lot of big games, won two games at the Big Ten tournament, came to the NCAA Tournament and got to round 32. So I think we definitely took a step forward this season.

Q. Coach, does it feel any different year-to-year when you have to say goodbye to a senior class? Is this group unique in anyway way?
RICHARD PITINO: With Matz and Brock they weren't here as long, but they gave a lot to the program. Jarvis Johnson was one of the my early recruits. Didn't play that much, but he was one of the first to believe in me. And these guys, to continue to believe, bounce back, have a great season next year and then go into their junior year with high, high expectations and all those things that happened and then come back and bounce back again, go to the tournament, win a game, you know. With what Dupree, even the injury he dealt with his junior year, losing his mother. Jordan Murphy being 6'6" and being the second leading rebounder in Big Ten history. It shows the heart of those guys. It's difficult. That was emotional and you hate to see it send like that. Rarely does it end well in sports, but I'm proud of those guys. When you are young and building a program and you see guys go through a program, you know, four years they get better. They get stronger. They get smarter, you know. You're proud of them. They are really good representatives of this program.

Q. Coach, you talked about at the end of the Big Ten tournament and even tonight running out of gas. Obviously injuries play into that, but is building greater depth one of the next steps for this program?
RICHARD PITINO: You lose three guys in the front court you only get so many scholarships. You want to have depth, but, you know, you kind of all hit in the wrong spots. So, yeah, you're going to continue to recruit, figure out what the needs are, continue to build off it. Really excited about Tre who we've got signed is going to be a terrific player, Marcus and Payton, two guys sitting out, really good. We have really good young talent. So, yeah, we're going to continue to build that depth, but, you know, hit at a hard time.

Q. Coach, what did that moment mean for you when Jordan walked out on to the court and embraced you?
RICHARD PITINO: That was hard. That was hard. That was emotional. The hardest thing was that he couldn't play in the game trying to go to the Sweet 16. He has done so much. Never once has he ever embarrassed the program, never once has he ever not been about the team, been a great representative for himself, his family, and obviously for our basketball program. He's a special kid. I'm going to miss him. He's somebody that I consider family. I appreciate everything that he's given me because he's laid it all out there, every ounce of sweat. He's put it on the line for this program.

Q. Coach, as you look to the future, what do you feel like those needs are?
RICHARD PITINO: Well, obviously Jordan Murphy, losing him, that's hard to replace. As hard as tonight was, hopefully it helps build Jarvis' confidence. He hasn't played a lot, but I do think he can take that performance. I think he did a lot of great things. He played great defense. He played hard, rebounded the ball well, obviously continued to build off that. Daniel and Gabe, Daniel is going to be a really, really good player. He's put only a little bit of weight and he'll get there. But all these young guys like I feel like this program, you know, we've taken hits with injuries and I hate using excuses, but we have. We can't let it derail us. We gotta bounce back and get back in this thing again next year and I think these guys have the character to do it.

We'll continue to see what we can add in the spring. When you win like we did, when you have guys who got better, you have local kids who have had a great experience there is a lot to sell. I know these guys in the locker room, regardless of our facilities and all the cool things we can sell these guys in the locker room can sell a really good experience and that's the most important thing.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much.

RICHARD PITINO: Thank you, guys.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Jalen and Andrew, can you speak to their defensive aggressiveness especially during that 14-0 run between the two halves? Couple things they made you do uncharacteristically, like Andrew, a couple of jump passes. Is that what they make you all do?
ANDREW NEMBHARD: I think it was not that they made us go. I just made some bad decisions making jump passes, but it was more my bad decision for me, I think.

JALEN HUDSON: I just thought they were super disruptive on the defensive end and they really played their principles and it was hard for us to get into the lane and shake them at all. You have to credit them for their defense tonight.

Q. Can you guys expand on the perimeter? Was it anything specifically they did or cumulative for the whole game that was exhausting?
ANDREW NEMBHARD: I think it was just how disciplined they were on defense, setting down driving angles and not letting us get our shots off easily, good ball screen coverage, but just overall their defense throughout the game was pretty consistent.

JALEN HUDSON: I can see why they're No. 1 in college basketball for defense. They were super solid. Everything we tried to run or the mistakes they made they had to cover them so fast and they had the 7-footer and even when you did get in the paint it was tough and he was blocking them. And on the perimeter we had to take late shots that altered our shots, too.

KEVARRIUS HAYES: Kind of what they said, defensively they were sound, didn't let up in any categories and when we made a mistake, they took advantage of that, 7-footer in the paint. Just hard to get around that especially when you work so hard to break through to get into the paint in the first place.

Q. Kevarrius, through 20 minutes you guys were close. Did you feel like you were in a good place through the work you had done?
KEVARRIUS HAYES: Yeah, I felt very confident with where we were. We were making some mistakes, but, again, we were still hanging around. Feel like if we fixed those mistakes and played a little harder on defense. We could possibly put ourselves in a better position, but unfortunately it wasn't the case. We were missing a lot of shots and then again, made some defensive mistakes that they capitalized on and made us pay for.

Q. I know it's only been a couple of minutes for the two seniors but can you reflect on how you will remember this season and maybe the bigger picture how you remember your time at Florida?
JALEN HUDSON: Just that we never gave up. We fought. At one point in the season there was a lot of uncertainty and we never laid done. We never sat down. We just found a way to win and we all came together. We all banded together. I will never forget the way we came together and how we were able to fight and how we maxed out when we decided to and I will never forget that. That was important to me.

KEVARRIUS HAYES: This season has had a lot of highs and lows and there was a time where even being in the NCAA Tournament was not even in the question for us. But we managed to find a way, banded together and made it here. I would say my time at Florida as a whole, enjoyed about every moment, all the games, experiences that I've had, all the relationships that I've nurtured with my teammates and hope to continue that beyond this.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen. Questions for Coach?

Q. Mike, there was a sequence they went on that 14-0 run but then they went on a stretch where they went almost seven minutes without a field goal and the one that broke it although it wasn't a field goal was the late shot clock foul and the three-point shots. Can you expand? I think it happened three times?
MIKE WHITE: That was our third one. You can't foul jump shooters. It's one of our defensive no's in our program. I would say in most programs, written up on the wall, talk about every day. It's stressed every day. We watched it on film and we talked about it several times in this quick prep that they draw fouls on jump shots, both Poole and Matthews. We got to be more disciplined in that.

Q. Mike, at halftime how did you feel about what you had done through 20 minutes and what were the adjustments you wanted to make in the second half?
MIKE WHITE: I told our guys going into the locker room at halftime if you were to have told me this morning that we would be down four and here your defense clips, I would have been thrilled. We watched our clips and watched some of the mistakes we made in the first half. It was too many. It was faulty ball screen coverage, faulty rotations, couple of missed block outs, lack of tracing of the ball a couple times and then there were probably a few more that I can't think of right now and we were down four against one of the best teams in the country.

So that was a challenge to our guys. Let's wake up defensively. We came out early second half, gave up a basket immediately, gave up I don't know how many early second half, but never seemed to find a defensive rhythm there until three, four, five minutes into the second half and then we played them evenly for a while. We got into a rhythm there defensively and we were hovering around 6 or 7 from behind and had a couple of empty possessions and we freaked out a little bit offensively and they'll do that to you.

We talked in the pregame and said there are going to be some dry stretches in this game and I'm just telling you that and I know you don't want to hear that. They're terrific and just like you guys talking to my team, just like you guys are terrific defensively, teams will go through dry spells. I don't know outside of Kentucky that we've seen a team that's this sound. We've got to maintain composure and continue plugging away, stay the course and we didn't do a very good job of that.

I would say, what, midway through the second half, maybe seven, eight minutes left, where we had four possessions where we had a couple of shots blocked and a couple of turnovers just trying to do a little bit too much. As good as they are defensively, another thing that our guys can learn from Michigan, you know, every game, win or lose, we like to think that we've got a lot to learn from, and with these guys as good as they are defensively, offensively I thought they were very, very sound. They do what they do. Their roles are very well defined. I was incredibly impressed.

It's hard to appreciate how good Zavier Simpson is on film. Incredibly impressed with his toughness, accountability, leadership, the way he barks at his teammates, the way they respond to him. The guy just doesn't make any mistakes. He is out there plugging away, playing the game, offensively and defensively, really, really good.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you very much, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Anthony, you guys are going back and forth with them first half, early second half. What does that feel like compared to the last, say, ten minutes when they sort of seized control and started to maybe keep you guys maybe arm's length away?
ANTHONY LAMB: I think we had a couple slip-ups with the team. Those will get you if you give a few positions away. You're down by ten, then have to scramble by the end of the game. In order to beat a really good team, you have to play 40 minutes. I think there's a stretch where it just got out of hand for us. So we just had to make up for that next time we play a team like this.

Q. Stef, 16 made threes for you guys today. It was a pretty good day shooting. What wasn't clicking so much from behind the arc that leaves the team so confident from the get-go to shoot it?
ANTHONY LAMB: There was a lot of new guys are on the stage and obviously might be a little bit nervous. But shooting 50 percent from three at the end of the day is really good and a positive takeaway from the game. At the end of the day, we didn't get the win, so it doesn't really matter.

Q. Steph, getting to this point, you guys played well. If I can ask you to spin this forward, you competed with a really good team, how does that impact your confidence and regrouping as you look toward next season?
STEF SMITH: Definitely this adds a lot of fuel to the fire. I wish we could have gotten this win in this tourney, but we have to move forward from this. I'll remember this moment and try to get back here and rewrite the script.

Q. Anthony, just how close did it feel when you're out there? When it was close, what did that feel like?
ANTHONY LAMB: It felt like any other game. There's different things you have to deal with in playing really athletic, really tall team. It's just another part of the game, I think. Whenever you're within two points, three points of a team, you're always right there in the game, you're ready to go. But if you let those plays get away, then it feels like you're losing ground. That's where you got to try to stand up to them. Their athleticism got us a little bit, but we'll find a way next year.

Q. What has it been like playing alongside Ernie the last seven years, and what did he bring to the program and how will the program be different next year with him not wearing green?
STEF SMITH: It's been amazing. Ernie's been like a big brother figure to me. We play similar positions, so I try to learn from him as much as I can, and he's been a great leader for our team as well as Anthony. So it's going to be a big loss for sure. But, you know, this is also going to help us, you know, try to avenge this loss and try to get it for him next year.

ANTHONY LAMB: Yeah, Ernie Duncan is really the heart of Vermont. He's given everything he's had to this program. He's bounced back. It's really important that we try to give everything we can back to him. Even if we couldn't do it now, try to continue to work and continue to develop and try to push Vermont forward as a program. Just like Sammy and Ernie are great senior leaders that have done everything they can to help. It's on us to continue to carry the torch and do whatever we can to get it next time.

Q. Talk a little bit about Vermont usually gets shipped a long ways away. They were in Hartford, Connecticut this year. Talk about the venue and how it felt, the crowd and how much lift it did give you.
STEF SMITH: Yeah, it definitely was a big lift. The fan part was great ever since I've been in Vermont. It's been amazing to see the fans come out and support us. We just want to come back and give back to them.

ANTHONY LAMB: This is a really cool place to play. I'm grateful for all of the people that came out to support. And sorry we couldn't get it done, but I appreciate everything you do for us year out throughout the whole year.

Q. You talked about them wearing you down. When did you start to notice that that was happening, and then, when you're in a situation like that, what can you do to kind of counteract that?
JOHN BECKER: Yeah, I mean, you can just see they started to get to the glass more. You know, I think, when the kid stepped through a triple team and dunked it, it was kind of telling that we were wearing down. And as a coach, you got to make that decision. You had a lot of guys that played long minutes, but had played and were in the game. And then your bench, where guys are coming in cold, late in the NCAA Tournament game against a really good ACC opponent, you're trying to figure out what you can do there.

We tried to do a little offense, defense to get more size in there defensively to get rebounding with Sammy, and offensively, go a little bit smaller so we could spread them out. We knew we had to make a lot of threes tonight. That's the thing as a coach, trying to find that balance, what's the right thing to do and also using time-outs. Time-outs were long tonight and there were plenty of them.

Just trying to motivate your guys and push your guys, trying to dig a little bit deeper. Our guys played so hard, and they're not as naturally athletic or gifted as your opponent, that can happen. That's why it's important that we continue to develop depth, so that we can -- and they play a lot of guys on top of it. So it's like a double whammy, and we got to develop depth and have 9, 10, 11 guys that can come in and all play in this game. And so that will be something that we'll work on in recruiting and just developing.

We're a young team. We have a lot of young guys. We'll continue to develop them. Their bodies have to mature and everything. So, we're hopeful we'll be able to do that this offseason.

Q. John, what did you say to Ernie when you gave him the hug at the end of the game? And then can you expound and say what he's meant to the program especially being part of it for half a decade?
JOHN BECKER: Yeah. I just told him I loved him and just gave him a hug. And he's meant a lot to this program. He's a big, big recruit for us when he came out of high school. He's kind of the guy, the connecter, that enabled us to recruit a lot of Midwestern kids. We have a lot of kids from Indiana and the Midwest. And Ernie's reputation and relationships with other players out there was the big reason we were able to get a lot of these guys that have helped build this program and propel this program forward.

And obviously battled a back injury as a freshman, and has had an incredible career. When you sit back and look at the numbers, he's going to go down as one of the greatest Catamounts to ever play. He's just the nicest kid. Obviously we've seen some of the stuff recently that he's come forward with and dealt with in the last couple years. He's an inspiration to a lot of kids and a lot of people in general, and I give him a lot of credit for being that courageous and honest as he is about things. And so he's going to be really, really missed, really missed. And you don't replace guys like that. You just hope to find new guys with similar type of character traits, and we have a locker room full of guys that I think will step up and become leaders for his team next year and beyond.

Q. John, how close is that first half to the script you guys -- the way you wanted it to go?
JOHN BECKER: Yeah. I thought the whole game, for the most part, we knew we're going to need to make a lot of threes. We were 16 for 32. You can't do much better than that. We knew we had to rebound the ball and we did that. Even if you take the second half numbers, they out-rebounded us by six, which wasn't bad. It's the free-throw line both ways that hurt us. We put them there too much. We didn't convert on our opportunities well enough. Those are things that's probably where the rub was.

And so but we fought like hell. We had a chance right down to the end, and we played a full 40 minutes. And that's the thing, Kansas, Louisville, similar type things, we played well in all of these high major games. And like I've said for the last couple years. We played these games. There's not gimmicks, we're not expecting or needing a horrible game by our opponent, playing zone and doing stuff we don't need to do. We played Vermont basketball. We tried to go toe-to-toe with these teams, and right now they have a better athlete and in some cases some better players, but my job is continue to close that gap and see if we can, you know, take another step.

Q. John, you had kind of a unique situation with three brothers on this team. Can you just kind of, looking back now at the end of the year, kind of recap what that experience was like for you as a coach.
JOHN BECKER: Yeah. It was a really cool thing. And it wasn't a lot of work on my end. Those kids are great kids and they kind of -- Ernie, they managed each other very well and are very, very close and played a lot of basketball together. So a couple of times I had to break up an argument and send them to their room, so to speak, but for the most part, they were a joy to coach and really easy. But it really hit me after we won the championship on Saturday.

America East TV did an interview with them and you just saw the happiness and the love they had for one another, and it hit me at that point like, wow, how cool would this be to do this kind of thing with your brother. And I have two brothers, and it would be -- so for them, I think the last week has just been a dream, probably, for them, and I'm glad that we could help make that come true.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. In the first half, they came out and hit a couple threes early on. You guys were able to bounce back from that. What was a little different in the second half when they made their run early on?
JORDAN HUNTER: We just weren't hot enough. A lot of that's on me. They're good. They'll pull it from wherever. We just got to put more pressure on them and we didn't do it.

JORDAN FORD: Yeah, we did a bad job of taking them off the line. That's a total team cover. And on the other end, we just didn't do a good job of responding with made shots. And most of that is on me. I didn't shoot well from the field and I expect better, so --

Q. 13 points on 17 shots, 1 for 7 from three-point. What was it about Villanova's defense? Was it their length? What was it that kept you bottled up a little bit?
JORDAN FORD: I had a few good looks that I know I can make. They are a really long team that could have affected me a little bit. A lot of those shots are shots I know I can make. I have to going forward keep getting in the gym and get better.

Q. Jordan, they led for I think 33 minutes in the game but never by more than eight points. When you cut it to four down at the end, did you think you had a shot there and then can you describe what happened down the stretch?
JORDAN FORD: I definitely think we had a shot. We cut it to four with 30 seconds left. We had a few game this year where we put the press on and were able to get back in the game. And if we get a few of those loose balls, I think it's -- or maybe make a three. We were down four, I think it's a different game, so...

Q. Coach, how big of a factor do you think it was Villanova's experience down the stretch. Obviously Booth and Paschall played in these games and not a lot of your guys have been in the tournament before.
RANDY BENNETT: Yeah. They've been in a lot of tight games all year. We watched the last six, seven games. Seems like every one of them but one was down the wire. So they're used to playing that, and what you mentioned is definitely an advantage. They played six games in the NCAA Tournament. I think both of those guys played two National Championship teams and Gillespie was there last year. Just knowing what the tournament's like, knowing what it feels like to play under one-and-done pressure situation. Our guys moving forward will have that. We didn't play in six games in the tournament, but we played in one. We have everybody back but one guy. So, I just know the teams that we've had, they are like that, when we had Dellavedova and those guys, it felt like a huge advantage when it came tournament time that they knew what was coming. I thought our guys did a good job playing in it. We didn't play tight. We didn't play great. I thought we played pretty right.

Yeah, I answered the question, and went on. Yeah, it's an advantage. They did a good job and they're hard to beat in close games.

Q. Coach Wright said that he kind of just hates playing against the grind it out style that you guys have, one of the slowest paces in the country. What sort of advantage do you think that gives you against the team with the athleticism and length of Villanova?
RANDY BENNETT: They're kind of grindy, too. That's how they play. If they get up on you like six or eight, they're just going to use the clock and then go to an on-ball at the end of the clock. I knew it was going to be that kind of game, because they play that, and we'll play that. We play that defensively. It's not easy for us to score. We battled that all year. When you play against good teams like Villanova, and some teams in our league -- obviously Gonzaga. San Francisco, San Diego, and those guys -- they're not going to give you easy shots. You got to work for them. I think that's what happens. Unless you can just outman people, just turn it in transition, go beat them on the boards badly, you'll have to work to get good shots against Villanova. They're going to switch everything, they're going to make it grindy. People keep asking them, is that -- it's not really like their game plan. The game plan is to score as soon as we can score. You got to take got shots to do it.

We're a pretty young team, we don't have a ton of scorers yesterday. I think we'll have those more next year, but we just had to compete, and compete for every shot, and had to compete defensively to keep people from getting easy shots. And I think that's how it gets at the end of the year. So I'm glad we're hard for them to play against and hopefully be able to score it a little easier next year. That's kind of how the game unfolded.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Ahmad, B.J., how did losing Xavier to early foul trouble affect you offensively? Did it change anything you were trying to do?
B.J. STITH: It was tough losing an experienced player, and X is like that. He's been playing really well for us these past -- last week, two weeks. I guess he got a little too excited, picked up a couple fouls. It hurt, but it's part of the game. I felt we still fought as well as we could in the first half. But that's just how the tips fell.

AHMAD CAVER: It definitely was hard losing our basically third scorer. Offense was stagnant after we run the offense and after the play, so we tried to go one-on-one or something like that. But, I mean he's been playing well. He got a bright future, and I wish him the best after this year.

Q. If you would just kind of comment, what got you triggered when you went on that run, and did you think you could sustain it a little longer than you did and maybe get a little closer. Coach mentioned those two shots.
B.J. STITH: I don't think anything really triggered us. I just felt that collectively as a team we said that we didn't come this far just to lay down in the NCAA Tournament, you know? We fought all year. We fought to get to this point. We faced greater odds, but we weren't going to let Purdue -- we weren't going to fall on this stage. So, I felt that we really started a fight, and we really started to crawl our way back. But as Coach said, shot didn't fall in the key moments in that stretch. It's unfortunate, but...

AHMAD CAVER: Yeah, just like all year, we battled and tried to get back in the game, majority of the year, majority of the game. We wasn't going to let them celebrate in one of the biggest stages in college basketball. We were just going to keep fighting, keep trying to play hard and still stay with our principles and see where we could fall out. Like Coach said, we didn't have enough bullets. We couldn't hit the shots that we needed to and they got away with the lead.

Q. I think Jeff said yesterday the key was to be able to run your offense and hit shots. You didn't hit shots percentage wise. How did you feel the way you ran your offense. Did you get the looks you wanted or was it a struggle?
B.J. STITH: We got the looks we wanted. We got great looks both in the first half and the second half. They weren't just falling. But that had nothing to do with our effort. We fought, it just -- the ball wasn't going in the hoop. Like I said, it's tough. Hat's off to Purdue. They guarded our sets. They scouted us really well. Even though we did execute pretty well, we just couldn't hit shots.

AHMAD CAVER: Yeah, we got a couple good shots in the first half and in the second half. They just didn't fall, and it's kind of hard to get back in the game with shots not falling especially the wide open ones or the ones that we want. But we still competed on the defensive end. We still -- like I said, we still competed. We still got on the boards. We still stuck together as a team, and then we just couldn't get back in when our shots wasn't falling.

Q. It's always tough to lose this game and have the season suddenly shut down. I just wondered for all of the particular things that you went through personally and also with the team this year, how are your emotions right now? Are they different than other times when you've gone through this? And then do you plan on like taking a bit of time off or just hitting the recruiting trail right away or what's going through your mind right now?
JEFF JONES: It's tough ending the season this way. This group has been special, even before getting to this point. You know, maybe there might have been a season in the past where -- you never like to lose that last game, but maybe it was time. I would have enjoyed having the opportunity to be with these guys for a little bit longer. I think it is different. One of the things -- my message to them in the locker room after is that 25 years from now, when they get together, they're not going to remember this loss. They're going to remember the fact that we had this opportunity. They're going to remember the exciting wins that we had in winning the Conference USA tournament. They're going to remember the fact that we were Conference USA regular season champions and had some really remarkable comeback wins. Those are going to be the things they're going to remember from a basketball perspective.

But even more than that, the relationships. This was a group that truly was a team. You hear it a lot. People throw out the term "family." People throw out the term "together." This group was together. They stuck together through difficult times, when normal teams might not. So, I think I'm probably more -- as much as losing hurts, I'm more appreciative of what these guys have done and how they've gone about it. I think that's probably the overriding thought and emotion.

Q. Jeff, would you this think, holding on to 61, Edwards got some timely shots but didn't shoot a high percentage. Would that have been enough or just came down to the offensive droughts you had?
JEFF JONES: Our defense at the half-court was really good, and I just don't say that because of these percentages. We did what we wanted to do when we were able to force them into the half-court. When they got their separation, it came in the open court. We didn't have a lot of turnovers, but in a game like this, you know, it was enough. But they hit some threes in unsettled situations. They got some buckets. There was a stretch there -- you know, we were hanging in there in the first half, and I was contemplating putting Xavier back in because we were struggling so much offensively, but we're only five or six points down. And so I made that decision to keep him on the bench, and then in the last couple minutes -- and I don't know exactly what it was -- they stretched that thing out from being 5 or 6 to being the 13 margin, I think.

And those came on I think more because of bad offense, than it was bad defense. If you're going to beat an opponent like Purdue in order to give yourself a chance, you got to make shots when you get them. The question earlier to Ahmad and B.J., I thought we got some really good looks in both halves, but we had to work really hard to get them. And I think you've got to credit Purdue for that, their game plan.

Again, I don't know what they were trying to do but I looked out there. I thought Haarms was phenomenal defensively. What he was doing with the ball screen situations, still getting back and protecting the rim, I thought he was the real key to their defense tonight. Bottom line, getting to your question, you got to make shots. You got to make 60 percent. But you can't beat a team like Purdue hitting 26 percent. That's just not going to happen.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Carsen, maybe you can address this. The coach said you expect them to make a run and they did. You got it in single digits, I guess. What did you guys talk amongst yourselves about, how to kind of fend that off, once it did happen?
CARSEN EDWARDS: We just focus on getting stops. We just focus on getting stops and kind of pull it back out.

Q. Carsen, first of all, how does your back feel? And second, you were in a bit of a shooting slump. How did it feel in the first half to see some of those go in?
CARSEN EDWARDS: I'm just glad our team won. We don't talk about having a slump or things like that. I'm just focused on helping my team win, if I'm able to hit shots and help my team get a win. I'm focused on helping my team win.

Q. I just got a quick question for you. This is a late tip. I don't know how often in your coaching career you had a late tip on a Thursday or Friday. What goes into the prep for you and how do you keep your guys loose? You're waiting the whole day to start this tournament game.
MATT PAINTER: It's difficult. I think it's different for each player. I don't think as a whole -- there's a few guys, they're so antsy, you get them going. You wake up and have breakfast at 8:30. We went and had a shoot-around at 11:00 to 12:30. We went and had lunch, and they take a four-hour nap and then you have pregame. There's not a whole lot you can do. You just want them to get off their feet.

But I don't know why the first game can't start, you know, 45 minutes to an hour before, and this is a 9:20 tip, you know, or a 9:10. I just don't understand. Like maybe there's an explanation to that. But I am kind of bewildered why they do that. It really, to me, doesn't make a whole lot of sense when you're talking about student-athletes. You can still get the games in, it's not impossible. You just got to start it a little bit earlier.

Q. Matt, obviously a big blow losing Nojel for the first half. What are your thoughts on his limited performance in the second half?
MATT PAINTER: I think when you come out and have the starting five and started them the whole season especially the guy that started the whole game. Now he slips, and hurts himself, now he can't go. You can't make an adjustment at that time. It's just the next man up. I thought Eric Hunter was great. Even though he didn't score a lot of points, he didn't turn the ball over. He had the best plus-minus on our team. He did a really good job for us. I think that was huge. Some other guys got some extended minutes.

Getting Nojel in there wasn't as much for this game as it was for the next game. He said he could go, but he needed to get in there and play a little bit and hopefully get a little bit of confidence and feel better and hopefully be able to go, full go against Villanova.

Q. Matt, there's been a lot of talk about Carsen being in a slump. Do you think he's in a slump?
MATT PAINTER: I think any time you've played a lot and you've been in a lot of games, it's the other things you have to be able to do to help your team win. I think you kind of touched on that. He hasn't shot a high percentage this year. He hasn't shot -- his percentages haven't been as good as it was in the past year. Yet we won the Big Ten and we got a 3-seed. Ultimately that's what your goal is. I think he's done a better job on the defensive end.

Each team is a little different in terms of how they throw people at them, how they handle the ball screens how they handle him in general. I think he's done a good job. It's hard when you're a perimeter guy and sometimes you get in some of those results. He's one of those guys you feel he can get out of it. For us, he's had struggles and we've still won. He obviously touched on that. That's what the most important thing is, you know, he's still helping us win games.

Q. Matt, I just wondered what your procedures and processes are for preparing for the second game on the weekend when you don't have four days to put into it, and also your thoughts on it's a totally different team with Villanova but playing the defending champs?
MATT PAINTER: We were obviously in the same bracket as they were last year and we played them last year. And I don't really look -- I haven't watched them play besides just during the year randomly. I always just keep the focus on the opponent in front of you, so now we'll go back and wake up early tomorrow and start getting ready for them, but they're very efficient. You know, they play very hard. They don't beat themselves.

Obviously the success they've had speaks for itself. So I think more than anything, your preparation in that second day is more about you. Don't turn the basketball over, make it hard on your opponent. But that's easier said than done as you start to advance and get to that second round and try to get to the Sweet 16. It's pretty difficult, especially when you're competing against the National Champs.

Q. Coach, what was the exact injury for Nojel and do you expect him to be 100 percent Saturday?
MATT PAINTER: They said he sprained his ankle. I have no idea. You would have to ask those guys.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Dave, when you were at Albany you had plenty of wars against those same guys wearing the green. How personal is it and how nice does it feel for you to beat them in the NCAA Tournament with FSU.
DAVID NICHOLS: I mean, it's no secret. I played them seven times at Albany. I'm very familiar with them, they're familiar with me. They definitely had the upper hand in my last school, so it felt good to beat them with the help of these guys around me. This is just all credit to my teammates and coaches putting together a great game plan and going out and executing it.

Q. Terance, you're back kind of in your home area here back in New England. What was that like for you to play here? I'm sure you had some fans here watching. Just how did your mentality change in the second half scoring wise?
TERANCE MANN: It's amazing playing back at home especially to be doing it my senior year, my last year, kind of last run in front of everybody. So it was an amazing feeling. My mentality just changed, I didn't want to lose and go home, especially since it's my senior year. I just wanted to score the ball, keep my team involved and try to win.

Q. Terance, talk about how playing in the tournament before experienced, being a senior as you mentioned, how that played into how you, you know, changed your mentality towards the end of the game.
TERANCE MANN: I don't know if it had anything to do with before playing tournament games. I think that's just being older and a leader on my team, and these guys trust me to be able to do things like that. So having them and knowing they trust me, helped me do that.

Q. This is for any of you gentlemen. Defensively in the second half, like were you starting to press more, you know, full court and press more using your length and athleticism? Talk about early in the game how come you didn't do that earlier.
DAVID NICHOLS: I think we did pressure the ball all 40 minutes. That's what we do. They just did a great job of handling that pressure in the first half, executing our stuff. Then we had two turnovers. We forced them into 14 turnovers in the second half. That's just because we just keep coming at guys with our length and athleticism. We go deep into our bench and try to keep guys fresh, so I think that wore down on them.

Q. Were you guys surprised at all in their confidence and shot-making ability especially in the first half?
TERANCE MANN: Surprised, no. We knew they could shoot the ball and, you know, they did a great job of it. And it's March, so, you know, anything's going in. So they are a real good team and they can shoot the ball well. I don't think we were surprised that much by it.

MFIONDU KABENGELE: Similar to Terance, going into film session and scouting them, we recognized they are a really talented team. Anytime you can win your conference, you much have a lot of talent. So the see the way they shot today to that degree, was somewhat surprising because I thought we played solid defense. But it's March, so it's understandable.

Q. Talk about what Terance was able to give you in the second half there and what's it like to have a senior with that type of experience in crunch time like that?
LEONARD HAMILTON: When Terance was a freshman, I dubbed him a stat-stuffer, because he affects all phases of the game. Offensively, he was getting tip-ins and put-backs and kind of a dirty work guy as a freshman. He's worked on his game. He has always had a high basketball IQ. Could defend, play multiple positions. He's one of those guys that a great, great teammate. Guys listen to him and they respect him, and he does what he's supposed to do on and off the court.

So to see him -- he kind of gives us whatever we need in certain games. And the interesting thing about him, he's unselfish almost to the point that if we're winning and we have a margin that we're working on, he very seldom becomes that aggressive. But when we're behind, he takes it to another level, and this is something we've seen him do consistently night in and night out for us this year.

Q. You now have 28 wins on the season, the most of any team in school history. What does that mean to you and the team as a whole?
LEONARD HAMILTON: It just means that we need to go back and start preparing for the next game. That's what it means. This is part of the journey that we're on. I've been very fortunate in my career to have been on a lot of good teams. It means that we're making progress. I'm happy for our team and our staff and our school that we are trying to find a way to carve our little niche out in the hierarchy of college basketball.

We're in a conference with the greatest assembly of basketball programs in the history of college basketball. So for us to be able to continue to keep advancing, we just kind of -- fitting in with the guys that we compete in night in, night out in the ACC. I feel good about it. Hopefully we can continue to keep moving forward and then we'll evaluate where we are at the end of the season.

Q. Leonard, despite giving up about five or six inches, in height at almost every position, Vermont won the rebounding battle in the first half and it wasn't until the last seven, eight minutes in the game that your team was able to assert itself in that area. Why was Vermont so able to be so good on the game today?
LEONARD HAMILTON: I think they're a good basketball team with talent. They box out real well, they are fundamentally sound. Sometimes in the game of basketball, size doesn't have a whole lot to do with the outcome of the games. Might help you if you're a Sumo wrestler, but in a basketball game, it's the person that's able to block out and do all the fundamental things.

If you look back in the history of the NCAA, there will be a lot of teams winning games because they went out and did things correctly and put themselves in the best position to win. I think that's what Vermont did tonight. I think you have to give them credit. I thought they boxed out well. I thought they were extremely physical. They were smart. They put themselves in a position that the game could have gone either way.

I thought we exercised physicality, the quality of our depth, our athleticism and strenght in the second half. Getting the ball to Mfiondu, I thought he was a little bigger, stronger, and taller. He made some plays. But we had the same guys trying to get the ball inside in the second half as we did in the first half. And they did a good job keeping us from getting to the spots on the floor we wanted to. You got to give them credit. Sometimes it's not what about what you don't do. You have to give the team the credit for doing things the right way. My hat tips off to them.

Q. I know as you just mentioned you're going to be focused only on just trying to go out and get the next one. I'm wondering, you had so much success in different places. What would it mean to you to get to the Final Four as a head coach.
LEONARD HAMILTON: Well, in order to get to the Final Four, you got to win the next game, and that's why I want to stay focused correctly. If I start looking too far ahead, then I won't take advantage of what I can control. And that's going back tonight and debrief from this game, try to analyze the strengths, the things that we did well, correct some of the things we didn't do well. And start preparing for -- whoever we play, it's going to be another game that if we don't play well, you could go home. So I'm trying to keep everything in proper perspective. But thank you anyway.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Ja, you had this dunk over Joey Hauser. Walk us through that and how it was to rise above the rim that way.
JA MORANT: I felt like the defender was playing up my line. I just made a back door cut, and my teammate Darnell delivered the pass and I seen the opening and I took it.

Q. Ja, how much fun was that?
JA MORANT: It was a lot of fun just being able to go out with this group of guys, and get a win in the tournament, just feels good.

Q. Ja, talk about there's a lot of publicity and hype based on you, but talk about how your teammates help you elevate as a player and as a person, your teammates like Tevin and Shaq.
JA MORANT: The stat, 16 assists. Obviously, I can't get an assist without them making the shots. I just feel like I have great players around me, and they made me look better.

Q. Coach and you guys can jump in as well. For a lot of the offense that you guys created, defensively, Marquette was 4 for 23 to start the second half? What did you do in the locker room and what was their adjustment to take away their shot?
SHAQ BUCHANAN: We had to make Markus Howard's shots tougher. He hit some tough ones in the first half. Run the rest of the guys off the three-point line and make them finish inside the paint.

TEVIN BROWN: Basically make all their shots tough and not give them any easy wide-open looks. Once we did that we forced them to take tough shots.

Q. With what you guys got from Marquette today, you guys played so well. Did this come a little bit even easier than you thought? Did you have a moment in the huddle in the second half when you were listening to Coach McMahon. Like it was almost dream-like in how well Ja was playing. But how easy it seemed to be coming for you guys?
TEVIN BROWN: We didn't look at it as being easy. The way we scout, we try to take teams out of what they want to do and when we do that, we seem to stop a lot of teams.

Q. Shaq, I don't know, maybe nine, ten minutes in the second half, you look like you went down, kind of tweaked something. You got up, kind of limping a little bit, but then just kind of worked it out. What happened? How are you feeling? Do you think that would play any role on Saturday?
SHAQ BUCHANAN: I just stepped on a player's foot and kind of tweaked my ankle. Nothing major, I'm ready to go Saturday.

Q. Ja, when you were in high school, you questioned whether you were good enough. When did you realize you were good enough?
JA MORANT: I'd say once I became -- I can't say when I felt like it. I guess when the recognition started to come in, I guess that's when I had a little relief, like maybe I am. I just got a shot. Murray took a shot with me, and I'm really thankful for that.

Q. Ja, a lot of the country saw you play maybe for the first time today on a national stage. The tournament's on national TV. Did that give you any extra juice knowing that -- there's been a lot of hype around your name, but today you got a chance to show what you can do to a lot of the country.
JA MORANT: I really don't pay too much attention to the hype. I just try to go out and play the same game every night. Just try to do whatever I can to help my team come out with a win.

Q. Obviously, Ja is known for his scoring. What impresses you the most about how he gets you guys involved?
SHAQ BUCHANAN: He makes our job easier. Once their men take their eyes off us, we just have to find the open spot. He see us and we make the defense pay.

TEVIN BROWN: It's definitely his eyesight. Sometimes he surprises me when he gets to the goal and gets everybody to jump and he still finds a way to get the ball to us.

Q. Ja, did you come into the game expecting to spread the ball around to start the game or was that a response to how they were defending you, and were you surprised how they continued to help onto you as the game went along and you were giving up the ball a lot.
JA MORANT: I was just reading the defense. Early on I seen that they was trying to pack it in on my drive and whenever I have the ball. And I just that just opened up opportunities for my teammates to be open. So I just attack and just drive and kick or and have an easy dump now.

Q. Coach, after the game when you ran over to the radio guys to do your interview, I heard you say our one-man team did pretty well tonight. I know that's been a theme. The defense seemed to be things that stepped up. I guess what would you say to the country that gets to see that performance about how well your one-man team played?
MATT McMAHON: I thought we did what we've done all season long today. We came out, played extremely hard at the defensive end of the floor. We defended the three-point arc. We knew Howard and Hauser are terrific players. We wanted to make them a one-on-one team. I think they had 6 assists, 12 turnovers. We were 23 assists to 12 turnovers. I thought our shot quality was very good offensively. I was saying it all year, Ja deserves every bit of credit he gets he and then some. But we have a very balanced team. Four guys in double figures. Tevin and Shaq were terrific today. Darnell around the basket and everyone who played contributed in different ways. It was a total team win for us.

Q. Talk about how this is big for the Ohio Valley Conference? Belmont had a close game with Maryland. They did win the tournament game themselves, and you guys were impressive against nationally ranked Marquette team. Tell me how big this is for the OVC in this conference?
MATT McMAHON: First and foremost, it's great for Murray State University and our great community, and the great tradition we have in Murray, Kentucky State. I've said it all year, the top four teams in the Ohio Valley Conference. 99 wins, our 101st now with Belmont's win Tuesday. Us today, so 101 wins between the top tour in our league. It's been very competitive at the top.

I know there's great financial repercussions for the league. But the exposure and I think both teams we were more than deserving of being a two bid lead.

Q. Matt, everyone talks about Ja and the shooters on this team. But how important is Darnell on the inside to making this engine go?
MATT McMAHON: Well, it's critical for us because it opens up the floor when you have an inside scoring presence like that. I'm sure you saw he warranted a double-team when we got the ball to him in the post. I know he's disappointed in his poor three-point shooting today. He's highly skilled when he catches the ball. He saw three assists, only one turnover. I think it opens up the floor for Tevin and Shaq and our guards to shoot it and then if frees up a lot more space for Ja to create off the bounce.

Q. This program has a history of great point guard play. When Ja arrived, did you have to be convinced, did you know that it was going to be a natural part of the maturation he would turn out to be what he is?
MATT McMAHON: I knew the first day he came on campus. He's just got some special intangibles to him in addition to the athleticism, the explosiveness, and ridiculous court vision and feel for the game. He's got an unselfishness and competitiveness about him that's been contagious within our program, in our locker room. Same for Shaq Buchanan, and it's been the structure of the culture, the foundation of the culture of our team, that unselfishness and that relentless drive to compete out there on the court.

Q. Does the way he's handled the attention and the way he's done so much to keep other guys involved, has that made it easier for guys not to worry about not to resent any of the added attention that he receives?
MATT McMAHON: It's probably been number one top keys to our team this year. We talk all the time, you got to have a good offensive system and you have to be fundamentally sound at the defensive end of the floor. Most importantly, you have to have great chemistry. Our guys love playing together. This they have great buy-in. They're about the right things. I try to put myself in his shoes at 19 years of age, could I have handled this the way he has, and there's just no way. He's just so humble. He comes from an incredible family. He has a great support system. And he hasn't changed one bit through all of the media hype, all the NBA hype. He's just stayed focused getting better as a player. A Murray State leader and helping this team be the best team it can be.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

tech 129


About ASAP Sports • FastScripts Archive • Recent Interviews • Captioning • Upcoming Events • Contact Us 
FastScripts | Events Covered | Our Clients | Other Services | ASAP in the News | Site Map | Job Opportunities | Links
ASAP Sports, Inc. | T: 1.212 385 0297

Q. Coach, someone said you've got an All-American shooting guard next to you that had to play point this year. I know your point guard missed the whole year, you got them coming in. Did this catch up with you a little today you had an all American there but he had to play point all year.
STEVE WOJCIECHOWSKI: Markus is a great guard, and he's had an incredible year for us. You know, we win and lose together. When we win, it doesn't go at the feet of one person's feet. When we lose, it doesn't go at one person's feet. He had an incredible year. He's a great guard and wouldn't trade him.

Q. Markus and Sam, if you can both answer this. Murray State said their plan was to run you off the three-point line and make you guys play one-on-one. Why do you think they were so successful in doing that?
SAM HAUSER: They're very athletic, a very good defensive team. Pretty scrappy. They did a great job of doing their game plan.

MARKUS HOWARD: I would say the same.

Q. Markus, you know, things kind of spiralled at the beginning of the second half for you guys. What do you think went wrong in those opening minutes?
MARKUS HOWARD: I think they got a lot of momentum on offense. They had some big plays that they made, and it kind of gave them some juice and stuff like that. Once they get on runs like that, they're a hard team to stop. So, I just think, yeah, they got on a little bit of a run and we weren't able to respond.

Q. Coach, what kind of adjustments were you trying to make against Ja Morant? Were you starting out trying to pack the paint a little bit? What were you trying to do to slow them down?
STEVE WOJCIECHOWSKI: Well, they're a team, based on the numbers and our study, they are terrific in transition and they score well over half their points in the paint. And we were trying to take those things away. You know, Ja Morant makes a lot of plans look bad. I mean, I've been in this for a while. He's as good as any guard that I've coached against, or played against, and I've coached against and played against some outstanding ones.

You know, obviously we studied Murray State a lot once we found out we were going to play them. I have not had a chance because we were into our own stuff during the regular season and Big East Tournament, but the highlights you do see of them showcases athleticism, and certainly that's showcase-worthy. The best thing about that kid is his decision-making. I mean, you're talking about an elite, elite decision-maker, who's got elite athleticism. And, you know, when you're talking about a point guard, you should always start with decision-making. And he made great, great decisions, and he makes everyone around him better.

And they're good. They'd be good without him, but with him, they're pretty unique. I have a ton of respect for him. He's a big-time, big-time player. I mean, the triple-doubles, 16 assists in an NCAA Tournament. It's crazy. You can't speed him up. You can run two people at him, you can switch, try to get the ball out of his hands. There's nothing that we found that could speed him up or shake his decision-making.

Q. They were 8 of 11 from three in the first half. A few of these don't fall. Are you looking at a different game at halftime?
STEVE WOJCIECHOWSKI: Well, yes, probably. You know, again, obviously, we have respect for them as shooters, but that's not what they've hung their hat on. They've hung their hat on transition and points in the paint. But those kids stepped up and that's what you need to do in NCAA Tournament game. You have to have guys step up.

Q. If you look at the end of the season and you guys lose 6 of 7, what do you point to what went wrong for you guys?
STEVE WOJCIECHOWSKI: I don't know if we can point to any one thing, but certainly we didn't play as well at the end of the season as we did for most of it. We've got to really exam that and figure out why. And I don't think when we figure out why, it's going to be one thing. I think it's going to be a combination of things.

As when you hit a tough patch, usually it's not one thing, it's a combination of things. So, we'll have to study that and figure out what happened.

Q. Phil, I wanted to ask you about the Big East Tournament and how the games that you won against Xavier and obviously Seton Hall, grinding out those games can be a benefit in a game like tonight where you had to grind it out again.
PHIL BOOTH: That's a major benefit. This team, St. Mary's, is one of the best in grinding out like that in close games. You saw what they did against Gonzaga in their conference tournament. So the Big East really helped us for that, learning how to grind out game. We had games like that where we lost early in the season, so it was good for us to get that experience in the Big East Tournament.

Q. I happened to be walking back to the floor when you guys were doing your huddle before the second half, hearing words like urgency. What do you guys think was missing in that first half and kind of how frustrated were you as veterans, like, come on we can play better than this.
PHIL BOOTH: We weren't doing that bad actually. It was more they were playing very well, and we were trying to match how they were bringing it. I think we just had to take it to another level because they were playing at a high level. I don't think we weren't doing that much wrong. It was more credit to good St. Mary's was playing and we had to match that level.

ERIC PASCHALL: I totally agree with Phil. I felt we had to bring it to another level. They're very good, very disciplined. Very well coached. They know what they're doing. Very veteran team. We just knew we had to bring it to another level and play Villanova basketball.

Q. What perspective are you giving the younger players, you know, with all of the experience you've had going forward in the tournament obviously. Like what's the perspective and advice you're giving them so they can be able to be more focused and be in that championship mentality?
PHIL BOOTH: Just trying to stay -- where are you? I can't see you. Okay. There you go. Sorry in the back.

Just trying to stay focused in the game. There's a lot of distractions that come in the NCAA Tournament. So best thing you can do is focus on your opponent, take care of your body, and focus in on what you have to do as a team.

ERIC PASCHALL: I'll definitely say just take it day by day. I mean, focus on your next task. If it's practice, focus on that. Focus on hydrating the right way. Take care of your body. Cold tubs, whatever way we can prepare ourselves to keep getting better. Definitely nutrition as well. Just doing all of those little things to stay prepared and not took too far ahead.

Q. Phil, you didn't take a three-point shot at all in the first half, but it seemed like you were looking for that shot. Did you see something that would enable you to drive the ball repeatedly as you did?
PHIL BOOTH: They did a good job defensively of closing out, not giving much air space for a three-point shot. So just trying to be aggressive, get downhill. Just read whatever the defense is giving me.

Q. Eric, I'm curious, how would you evaluate the way you guys played defense especially in the second half. It seemed like defensive intensity picked up.
ERIC PASCHALL: Definitely, I feel like we picked it up. I mean, we did a good job just playing together, and knowing that we're on the other side, not in front of our bench talking a lot more. I mean, we should have talked like that in the first half. Also just communicating, playing team defense. I felt that's what we really did and felt like we did a good job of that.

Q. With the expectations coming into this tournament, given that this team or this program is a former champion not too long ago, how did you guys manage the expectations for your program coming into the tournament?
PHIL BOOTH: This team is a totally different team, so those expectations don't really land on this team at all. Many guys from the championship team aren't on there now besides me and Eric. So we kind of don't talk about that or place that upon them. We just try to focus on our next game and try to focus on who we're playing against.

ERIC PASCHALL: Definitely. It's definitely a whole new team. Lost a lot of guys, but I feel there's no expectations, just our expectations to try to play Villanova basketball the best way we can by the end of the season.

Q. Jay, could you talk about the tempo tonight, why was it so -- why couldn't you like speed it up a little in the first half, and did you do a better job of it in the second?
JAY WRIGHT: The tempo was excruciating. It's much harder to speed up a game than it is to slow down a game. And we just felt like they're such a good passing team, they're so skilled that if we tried to speed it up, it was just going to give them too many open shots. They're a great three-point shooting team. We felt going in we were just going to have to grind with them, and we weren't going to be able to change the tempo. We had to be disciplined enough to grind. I wish it didn't have to be that way, but that's why they're so good.

Q. One of the great mysteries of this tournament seems always the first game and how you're going to come out after a conference tournament and three games, four games in a row. Is this kind of game good for you that you had to grind it out you think? Does that set you up well for the rest of the way?
JAY WRIGHT: It does. I would much rather a 20-point win. That would be nicer. But, to your point, you're playing Madison Square Garden. It's sold out, crazy energy when you walk out on the floor and you walk out here tonight, and there's literally no one in the building. It's bizarre. It's really bizarre. I thought both teams deserved a lot of credit for really focusing. That game was intense and well-played from the start.

You do worry about those things, you know? They're 18- and 20-year-old kids. We have a lot of guys in the NCAA tournament for the first time thinking this is the NCAA Tournament? There's no one in the stands. That's part of it, that's what comes with it. I was really proud of our guys, and I give St. Mary's a lot of credit.

Q. Jay, this is the second time in three games you played against the bigger team. They were able to throw to a couple 6'10" at you at times. How much of a concern is that for you going forward? You guys finished with like five offensive rebounds.
JAY WRIGHT: It is. We lost a big guy this year. Dylan Painter that transferred, and we got two good ones coming in neck year but we've go to get through it. I thought Dhamir Cosby-Roundtree gave us great minutes inside. Even playing undersized, Jermaine did a good job on their bigs. It's a concern, but we have to find a play to play through it. Sometimes blitz the post sometimes, front the post. We have to figure it out each game.

Q. First half you had zero offensive rebounds. You went to the line three times all in the same play. I think the three-point shot that was fouled. At halftime, are you saying to yourself, do we have to do more work getting inside or we're not going to get inside, so we have to do better from driving kick and getting court points what was on your mind?
JAY WRIGHT: They are one of the best three-point defensive teams in the country and I think they're 17th or something in defense. Somewhere either defense or offense. One is 17, one is 55. But they have such great length at the rim. We said we're not going to get to the rim. We have to go mid-range and try to get threes. In transition, you saw Phil Booth a couple times went all the way to the rim and got a shot blocked in transition. They just got such great size, great length, and they play with there hands back. They are well coached, very disciplines defensively.

Q. Jermaine Samuels had a couple good buckets for you. How would you rate his performance in the last couple minutes of the game?
JAY WRIGHT: He was awesome. He gives us the ability to play with some size and also handle the ball and make plays against their press. He had a great finish. End of the shot clock, he made a play at the end of the drive, a great left-handed drive. He's been playing great basketball for us. Through the Big East Tournament, I would have to say he's our most improved player this season. And he's having great impact. Lucky we have him.

Q. Coach, not at all for the first time you had at least one freshman playing very serious late minutes for you. You've done it before, but I'm wondering is there any different thought process for you when do you that given that, unlike some of your other guys, these guys were literally playing high school basketball a year ago now it's the NCAA Tournament.
JAY WRIGHT: We try not to do that. We try not to be in that position, but, if you -- Saddiq Bay this year has played so much for us and was forced into that action, that by this time of the year, he's pretty solid and pretty confident out there. And we're confident in him. But you've got -- it's tough to put -- like we have a freshman Cole Swider I wanted to get in there. It's tough to find positions in real close situations in real close games for a guy that hasn't had a lot of minutes, that's a freshman for us.

Q. Jay, you've alluded to coming out to an empty stadium and you've alluded to having to play a different style, slower than you wanted to. How does the experience that you do have carrying over from last year manifest itself. One you have to adapt to whatever the tournament throws at you.
JAY WRIGHT: I think that teams that have NCAA Tournament experience and have guys on their team, even if they don't play, they have an advantage. Just because of things like that. There's so many unique aspects to the NCAA Tournament. 95 percent of them are positive, but they're just different than all of the other games you play. And to not be distracted by that is really important. And then when you don't have guys that are experienced, I worry about that. Phil and Eric help our guys. Our sophomores didn't play a lot but they were there. I think it's been beneficial for them.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. If you could just talk a little bit about this stretch of early on in the year through 11 games, you were 6-5, and now I believe you won 18 of your last 22. What's been the biggest difference from the first part of the season until these last couple months from both your perspectives?
RYAN CLINE: I feel like when we were 6-5, we had a couple games that were really close. We couldn't quite close them out. But that 18 out of 22 stretch, we just kind of figured it out.

CARSEN EDWARDS: Yeah, I'd saying the same thing. Just kind of buying in to what Coach Painter was telling us and just kind of, I'd like to say, focusing in on the defensive end. I feel it's the small things and the details we weren't really executing. We were able to put that together and able to string along some other wins.

Q. If you guys could talk a little bit about last night, sort of a unique situation with Eastern and him, supposedly, I guess slipping in the warm-up line and sort of how you guys got word of that. And then one of your elite defenders is not playing the entire first half, just playing in the second half. Just sort of talk about how as a group you guys handled that news and how that played out if you can explain a little built about the dynamic of that story.
RYAN CLINE: Yeah. I think some of us saw it happen. He kind of slipped and fell under the basket. I thought it was a wet spot, but he ended up hurting his ankle it kind of stinks when one of your key players gets hurt. Those non-contact injuries are also scary. He came in at halftime and was running and doing some cutting drills. We're just happy to have him back Saturday.

CARSEN EDWARDS: Same thing. Just kind of seeing the incident happen, which I was standing right there, just kind of helped him stand up. I thought he would be okay. But when he went to the sideline, I realized it was a little more serious. Then Eric Hunter stepped up and just kind of played on the fly, just kind -- got to make changes and just kind of go with what you have.

Q. Last night you guys took 30 of your 53 shots for three-pointers. Is that something that is a little bit of a concern or is that where you guys want to be in terms of the balance of threes and twos?
RYAN CLINE: In a sense, you know, I thought most of those shots were pretty good shots. Some of them did fall; some of them didn't. That's actually a pretty good stat. I didn't know that. It's something that against Villanova, we need to get the ball in the paint and then they're pretty good with not allowing that. So when we get so those paint touches, good things happen. So hopefully we can change that next game.

CARSEN EDWARDS: Yeah. I mean, I didn't even know that, but I just guess it goes with the flow of the game. You have guys around you that can shoot the ball well, Sasha Ryan, Aaron can shoot it some. Even Matt hit a three. Just being able to have guys around you that can shoot threes, it doesn't seem to alarm me to shoot a high amount of threes. At the same time you want to have a good balance, be able to get the ball in the paint, get the ball inside and things like that.

Q. They have three guys who are 6'9" and obviously you guys have Haarms and tall guys of your own. How do you guys take advantage of that miss-match situation?
RYAN CLINE: We kind of just got to play our game. I feel we've been moving the ball pretty well, especially last game. They're pretty good at guarding their first and second action. We got to make them guard the second, third, fourth action to get what we want.

CARSEN EDWARDS: Yeah. Just kind of agreeing on what he said. I mean, just kind of, I guess, going with the mismatches, but then also they have strength of areas. So, we just kind of -- we just got to be ready for tomorrow.

Q. Speaking of strengths, if each of you all can answer this question, what do you think at this point in the season is probably the two or three biggest strengths of your ball club overall?
CARSEN EDWARDS: I'm going to go first this time. The biggest strengths, I don't know. I don't like to kind of just talk about what we -- I think our strengths are as a team. I feel like we still have so much more to work on as a team. We're continuing to improve even when it's late in the season like this.

But I mean, I can tell you what our main focuses are every game. I can tell you that. And I think that's just honestly, just getting stops, regardless of how we are in the offensive end, just being able to get stops and limit them to the one chance to score the ball. Getting the rebound and not giving up second-chance opportunities. And after that just executing on the offensive end, whether that's a set or a play or even in transition getting the best shot possible. Those are the three things we focus on, being patiently aggressive.

RYAN CLINE: I obviously agree with what he said. I think our strength varied. Every game it kind of changes. We need to be a little bit more consistent, especially against a good team like Villanova.

Q. You guys are playing the defending champs tomorrow. Does that enter into your mind at all when you're taking the court, or is it just we're trying to get a win in the tournament?
CARSEN EDWARDS: I wouldn't say it doesn't enter my mind. I guess it enters my mind just in the respect factor. You respect them as a team and you respect the history they have, the players they have on the team that are really good players. They play really well together and they're fundamentally sound, things like that. But at the same time you have to go out and try to take it as every game and just value every possession and just try to get a win.

RYAN CLINE: I agree.

Q. Coach, in watching tape on Murray State and particularly on Ja, what did you notice different -- have you had a chance to see any of them play last year and did you notice big differences in the team and Ja?
LEONARD HAMILTON: What I notice is he's one of the most exceptional players that I've had a chance to watch play. He's kind of a throwback to guys who have the ability to score points. But also has the passion and the excitement about creating opportunities for his teammates, guys like a Nate Archibald who can lead the NBA in scoring and lead in assists at the same time. A guy like Magic Johnson, who got so much joy making the game easy for his teammates. Even a player like Muggsy Bogues, who has an uncanny way of making things easy for his opponents.

My opinion is you have to be careful because he's not winning the games by himself. He's surrounding himself with good players who feed off of who he is and what he is about as a player. And I'm excited for him and for their team, because I enjoy watching guys play with such an unselfish spirit, that they actually get excited about it. You can just see the gleam and the joy in his eye. It motivates him.

Like some guys, they play harder and with more intensity when they make shots. Whenever he completes a pass and makes an assist, you can just see him glowing. That's an unusual player and you don't get a chance to play against people like that. And I have tremendous amount of respect for him.

Still at the end of the day, it's going to be Florida State against Murray State. It's not going to be one particular player against -- a player who probably is going to be very difficult to keep from doing what he does best because he's such a highly skilled, physical-skilled and mentally and emotionally savvy youngster. So we're pretty much going to be who we are. And I think the team that's going to be successful is the team that comes as close as they can to playing up to their potential. We have a defensive scheme and an offensive schemes. They have offensive schemes; they have defensive schemes.

I'm sure they're trying to minimize ours and play to their strengths and we plan to do the same thing. I think the team that's going to be successful is the team that comes closest to being who they are to the best of their abilities. I hope that answers your question.

Q. Leonard, what was it like to find out about Phil's father, and then how do you as his coach approach that and be with him and support him? I imagine it was a very incredible difficult night.
LEONARD HAMILTON: Of course, it was. Mike Cofer, Phil's father, was one of the most competitive human beings that has ever played in the NFL. Tremendous amount of character, loved and respected by everyone. Not only the guys who played with him, teammates, but anybody who's ever been around him after his playing career was over. He is a guy who had to endure an unbelievably challenging debilitating disease that mentally and emotionally was draining in itself, but the physical toll it took on his body is beyond anything that you possibly could explain. And he never complained. He always faced it every day with the heart of a lion, with tremendous amount of courage, and he passed that same mental and emotional aspect over to his son, Phil.

He always challenged Phil, and he always encouraged him to play with the heart of a lion, and without making any excuses for anything at all. And Phil's attitude has been as good as anyone that I've ever coached in my whole coaching career. He's always positive. He's always energetic. He's a fun guy to be around, a great teammate. He's a guy that uplifted other guys on the team when they were down. He's had to deal with a lot of injuries himself during his coaching career.

Yeah, it was very difficult for him and his teammates, and we spent a lot of time last night dealing with it in our own way. Our heart goes out to the Cofer family. They have been unbelievable Seminoles. We'll be there for Phil in every way possible. We have a culture of our basketball team, I think, that's healthy and we're going to do everything we can to minimize the effect. But you don't ever really know how challenging going through that experience would be on the individual.

But because of our culture and the love that these guys have for each other, they feel the same level of pain. But they also have the same love and compassion and care for him that they are going to do everything he can. He's going to know that his brothers are there with him. And prior to the news that he got yesterday, we had already dedicated the season and our play to his father. That meant a lot to Phil.

So it's challenging. It's never easy, but we're prepared to, and I think we've started doing everything we possibly could to let him know his basketball family is with him. And we can't do anything than pray for his family that they endure this tragedy as best they can.

Q. Leonard, one quick follow-up. Phil's status, is he going to try to play? Is he going to remain with the team? Do you know? Is that clarified at this point?
LEONARD HAMILTON: He's going to remain with the team. We've had several conversations was his family. And they want him to remain with the team, and he wants to remain with his team. And then we'll make whatever adjustments we have to from there. But he'll be with us during the game tomorrow. And then we'll make the decisions that are necessary as we move forward.

Q. I know it's been a little while but your ties to UT-Martin and Austin Peay as an assistant. Some people might not know Murray State, but you on the other hand might have a little bit of experience. Does this bring up fond memories from your yonder years?
LEONARD HAMILTON: When I was a student at the University of Tennessee at Martin, a couple of guys that played with me came from Paducah Junior College. Rick Leeper, I think was one of the guys that is still a friend of mine, I think we might have scrimmaged them. And whether you know it or not, Cal Luther, I believe was a head coach at Tennessee-Martin.

But to move on to Austin Peay, back in those days, we had some tremendous battles. If you go back and read the newspapers, you can see that with the team that Coach Luther had there and the team we had at Austin Peay, they were always packed houses, and they were very, very exciting games. And if I remember correctly, Murray State was probably the team to beat in the conference until we got at Austin Peay. And we had some tremendous, tremendous, exciting games against them in the two years, three years, I was at Austin Peay.

I got a lot of fond memories of the challenges and atmosphere that exist. Hector Blondet and some of the guys that played at Murray State, I think we had two, three guys from New York and we had a guy on our team from New York named Fly Williams that averaged 27 points and 9 rebounds in a game as a freshman. In a game we had to win to win the conference, I think he scored 36 points or something like that. It was an exciting era for me and it was a great way for me to start my coaching career.

Q. I guess without giving away any secrets, have you thought how your guys are doing to defend Morant and who might guard him at all?
LEONARD HAMILTON: I addressed that earlier. Florida State's defensive system will be playing against Murray State's offensive system. Now, you can spend all your time trying to figure out how to stop somebody who might be unstoppable, and you could end up not worrying about Murray State and give all your attention to the one particular player. He's outstanding. He's hard to watch unless you're coaching against him. We're not going to change very much from who we are. We can't in one day turn around all of a sudden and invent a whole new defensive system.

We play against a lot of outstanding players and schemes in the ACC. Hopefully, that has prepared us to play against another outstanding player. He's definitely one of the best players in the country. We'll make necessary adjustments out of who we are and the system we've used all along to be where we are now. We know it's a tremendous challenge when you play against a very special talent like him, but we can't lose sight of the fact that it's Florida State against Murray State, not necessarily one or two guys against a great player like Morant is.

Q. Coach, this is related to Morant but not necessarily about him. Seems nowadays with these one-and-dones, we sort of expect these guys to be stars immediately. These great players like Zion come in and already think oh, that's going to be a number one pick. Do we maybe underrate how much development there is in college basketball and how much guys can improve, like there's sort of room for guys who are ready-made stars and guys who can become stars?
LEONARD HAMILTON: I think what we've done in the sport of basketball, we created an unrealistic mindset. In the NBA, you got 400-some players, 150 of them come from probably Europe. Every year you only have maybe 20 college basketball players matriculate into the NBA, maybe 20, maybe 25. But that's all we talk about is one-and-dones. It's like they're everywhere. That doesn't exist. There's a lot of development that's needed. I think we have an opportunity for those elite players, maybe 20, maybe 25, that have an opportunity to go to the next level.

And you have about 7,000 kids playing basketball and all we talk about is one-and-done and this cliche that we have created a mindset that's available for any and everybody. I think it's good that this kid's been in school for a couple years. He's had a chance to hone his skills and obviously he's prepared but that that's not easy. You know, you talk about him, you talk about Zion, and probably two, three other players on Duke's team that we had to play against. I think having an opportunity for youngsters to be able to realize their dream and move on. But I think the one-and-done phrase is overused because there's just not that many. We act like they're growing on trees and dropping off like apples. That's not the case.

These guys are elite guys, and they come along few and far between, and then a lot of them that are drafted in the first round, even though they are one-and-dones, they are in the D-League by January. So, this is something I think you guys need to be careful about. This is just not as easy. But he's one of those special elite guys that it's obvious that he has that "it" factor that you can't really put your finger on that makes him special. But I do think that even as talented as he is, having the opportunity for a couple year of development, I think when he moves to the next level, he's still going to have a lot to learn, a lot to grow.

Those guys that are able to move in and be major contributors as first-year players are not as prominent as sometime we make it out to believe that this is what's going on in the basketball world.

Q. Talk about facing Ja Morant. Have you watched him at all? What kind of challenges does that represent?
TERANCE MANN: He's a good player, we're just going try to contain him as best we can. He's a good passer also. He likes to find his teammates. So we just try to get in the way of that, stick to our principles, and things should fall in place.

TRENT FORREST: Kind of what Terance said, just kind try to disrupt him as much as you can. It's kind of hard to stop a player who likes to pass and get the ball to his teammates because you never know what he's going to attack or pass. Probably just disrupt his rhythm is the biggest thing for us.

Q. You guys obviously have a big size advantage, but that's not uncommon. You're larger than a lot of teams on the wings and especially in the middle. How do you best take advantage of that? Obviously you'd love to dominate the glass. They're small but not as small as some teams you played.
MFIONDU KABENGELE: We recognize our size is going to be a advantage. It's important to stay consistent through the first half. We know they going to very energized. We have to keep chipping away and wear them down with our length and our depth and continue to be aggressive on the glass, just wear them down. With our guards being as disruptive as much as possible, getting on transition. I feel like we'll chip away and be victorious.

TRENT FORREST: Yeah. Just try our best to use that to our advantage as we did that pretty much all season, just with smaller teams. Just like Fi said, just chip away at it the whole game, stick our game plan. Make them see bodies, make them go around our length and size. I feel like we just need to use that to our advantage.

TERANCE MANN: I agree. Just being consistent, I think, with our length and athleticism throughout the whole game and especially sticking to our defensive principles to try to disrupt them.

Q. You guys obviously faced Zion this year, too, and that was a huge challenge. What do you compare this challenge with Morant like to facing him?
TERANCE MANN: I would say they're both great players in what they do. Zion is very athletic, Ja Morant is very athletic. We've been facing great players all year especially throughout the ACC. Both guys are different, so our coaches have a great came plan for us. Try and stay in front of them and contain them, and I think we'll just do a good job of that.

Q. For any of the players, I know your teammate had a tragic loss yesterday. I'm wondering how he's doing and how you guys are helping Phil sort of get through a tough time?
TRENT FORREST: I mean, it's hard any time when you lose a parent. I mean, he's been doing pretty good. I mean, we've all been there for him since it happened, and we're just helping him get through it and giving him his space, his time that he needs, and just be there for him when he needs it.

MFIONDU KABENGELE: Sums it up.

Q. Throw you one more at you on Ja Morant, because he's obviously been such a big story. I'm sure you watched tape. Can you sort of appreciate his game yesterday? I mean, in other words, do you sort of sit back and say, this is kind of fun. Or is it too much, like man, we got to deal with this guy? Can you sort of step back from a fan's point of view and appreciate his game for the sort of spectacular plays that he makes?
TERANCE MANN: I mean, yeah. He had a triple-double, and that doesn't happen often in college basketball. So, I mean, you could appreciate the triple-double that he had, but also facing him next also is in your head, trying to figure out how you're going to cut that down and not let him have the type of game that he had yesterday. But like I said, you know, we're just going to use our athleticism, be lengthy, be smart on our defensive end and try to disrupt it.

TRENT FORREST: Yeah. I mean, what he's been doing as a season -- as a fan, I mean, all you can do is respect it honestly. As Terance said, it doesn't happen when you see triple-doubles in college. I mean, I feel from a fan's perspective, you definitely have to respect what he did all season. Just going into tomorrow, we just have to be locked in, and it's going to be tough stopping him because he's such a good player.

Q. I was just curious, obviously a lot of questions about Ja, but what do you think you guys bring to table in a game like this knowing that the Sweet 16 is right in front of you?
MFIONDU KABENGELE: I think with our team, obviously our quality of our depth, our length, but more especially our intelligence. I feel like we're one of the smarter teams in this conference. I feel that goes underrated, and I feel like our decision-making and our game plan preparation is very excellent. Our coaching staff does a great job. Players do a great job of adjustment, especially in the Vermont game. It was tied and you know, we were able to regroup. And seeing where we could have made mistakes and what we could improve on, and especially in the second half, I give credit to the our mindset and our intelligence. I feel like with this team our overall mental preparation, our game intelligence, and basketball IQ, it is something we will bring to the table.

TRENT FORREST: Definitely our athleticism, our length, our size, so I would say that definitely. And another thing going along with the IQ is our experience. I mean, I feel like from top to bottom, we have a lot of guys that's been here. We understand what's at stake. We understand how to win these tough games. I mean, yesterday it seemed like they had a pretty good crowd. So just being able to manage their crowd, manage the emotions of the game, just for the whole 40 minutes, that experience, I feel is going to be an advantage for us as well.

Q. The story about Ja's high school recruitment has an oft told. I want to ask it slightly differently. Going from freshman to sophomore year, over this last summer, did he take a leap or was it more he's just due to the design of your team able to showcase it more. And if I did take a leap, when did that happen and how?
MATT McMAHON: Well, I think he did take a leap, but I think he did not receive enough credit for the terrific freshman year that he did have. I think we talked yesterday. His numbers of almost 13 points, 7 rebounds, 6 1/2 assists a game have only been accomplished by eight other players in the last 25 years of college basketball.

So I thought there were plenty of signs for what was in store last year as a freshman, but it's a great credit to him and the work he put in in the offseason. You see the growth in his game. But what I'm really most proud of, I think, he's really grown and developed as a leader and has done an outstanding job of being a great voice and leader of our team.

Q. Coach, I asked your players, Ja obviously had a great performance yesterday, but the team as a whole did as well: 23 assists on 30 field goals. What do you need to do to keep that up against Florida State tomorrow night?
MATT McMAHON: I think when you talk about Florida state, there's a lot of the things that jump out. The first to me is they're one of the elite defensive teams in all of college basketball. Tremendous physicality, great size at every position. Make it very difficult on you to score around the basket. They turn teams over. We will certainly have to execute extremely well to be able to score against such a dominant defense.

Q. You guys played Thursday/Saturday since January, and you talked a lot about that rhythm this year, about the execution and the way that the week has played out. Is that something that you feel like maybe is a boon for your team going into Saturday knowing you have the Thursday/Saturday day bounceback?
MATT McMAHON: I don't think so. We've been able to stay in this routine going on 11 weeks now and kept things pretty similar. Last week we scrimmaged on Saturday during the long layoff to try to keep our guys in the same routine. But our guys know we have to turn the page now and start to turn focus in on finding ways to beat Florida State tomorrow.

Q. Matt, I'm wondering if you can just kind of reflect on your coaching trajectory a little bit, and what it meant to get this opportunity at Murray State, a place you knew the culture and the program and the basketball excellence, and how you go about sustaining that.
MATT McMAHON: I'm always forever grateful to Allen Ward, our former Director of Athletics, and Dr. Davies, our former President who believed in me and gave me the opportunity. And as we built the program, we had to basically start over with our roster and the culture in the locker room. And it was not easy and they were right there, extremely supportive and really helped me along the way to get to this point.

And then I think for us, what was really critical was this signing class, when we were able to add Ja Morant Tevin Brown, Shaq Buchanan, and then that spring, Anthony Smith. You're talking about four just relentless competitors, very unselfish players who are all about winning. And I think their two-year record really reflects that. 54-10 now; 42 of those wins by double figures. They really made it a dominant two-year run for our program.

Q. Can you reflect on -- you were in Ruston for like two weeks, then you get the call. What that period of time was like?
MATT McMAHON: Well, it was an interesting story. I'll try to go through as quick as I can. My college coach, Buzz Peterson, was named the head coach at the University of Tennessee. This was back 2001. I went with him to be a graduate assistant. My roommate was Eric Konkol who is now the head coach of Louisiana Tech, so we got to be very good friends over the years. He's a rising star in the business. And we always talked about if one of us got an opportunity to be a head coach, the other one joining as an assistant.

So I got the opportunity to do that, went to Ruston. I was there two weeks and luckily for me, my family, we never moved. We never packed up a single box. We didn't buy a car. We didn't buy a house. And then out of of the blue, Coach Prohm got the job at Iowa State, and I was fortunate to get the opportunity to come back and interview for the job at Murray.

Q. Some of the players were talking about how high energy you are and how you're kind of bouncing off the walls even at 8:00 a.m. Are you a coffee person? Is this like natural energy? Where does this come from?
MATT McMAHON: No. There's a drink that we do enjoy. I mean, it's all legal. But I'm not a coffee person. But, no, I love what I do. I mean, we're coaching college basketball. We get to make an impact on young people's lives, hopefully help them be in a position when they leave Murray State to have great success, not only as basketball players, but as men, as fathers, husbands. And those things very important to me, so I say it all of the time. I wear shorts and T-shirts to work every day. I really have it made, so just very passionate and fortunate to get to do what we do.

Q. You go back in that locker room right now, everyone seems relaxed. How do you have guys going from being loose and relaxed to knowing when it's time to focus? And it seems like that's something these guys have been good at all year.
MATT McMAHON: I think it's really important and these guys have been able to strike that balance. I think that's one of our biggest strengths is the chemistry of our team. I think we have guys who get along really well. They are all in, bought in to what we're trying to do. They love playing together. They love winning together. And I talk to them about it all of the time. It should be fun. I think sometimes that gets lost in the business side of college athletics. I want them to have the absolute time of their lives playing. They've put in the work. We give them basically Christmas Day off, and they work the other 364 days out of the year. You only get so many game days. They need to go out and enjoy it and just play and have the time of their lives.

Q. You talked a little bit about it a few minutes ago, but how do you beat Florida State and how do you guys execute your game plan tomorrow to perhaps come away with a win?
MATT McMAHON: Well, there's a long list of things that will have to get marked off if we want to have an opportunity to win tomorrow. I touched on their elite defense, so our ability to execute at the offensive end will be critical. Obviously, you see they have great size at every position. They're relentless to the offensive glass. Can we compete with them on the boards, I think will be important. How we're able to guard them will be critical.

I mean, this time of year, you're not going to play any bad teams, so we'll have to play very, very well to have an opportunity to win tomorrow.

Q. Coach, talk a little bit about Ja Morant being the latest of the Murray State point guards to have success, but the string of guards that have come through recently and why that culture has cultivated the players that have found success after college.
MATT McMAHON: I think during my eight years, we've been very fortunate to recruit some great point guards. It starts there. And I really believe in our player development program, helping guys get better on and off the court. But it started for me, getting to be an assistant and Coach Isaiah Canaan, Cameron Payne, two terrific players, both NBA draft picks, who have over a combined ten years in the NBA of experience.

And the Jonathan Stark who was such an elite player for us our two years is having great success in the G-League as part of the Timberwolves organization. I think it says a lot about him. He averaged 22 points and almost 6 assists a game as a junior at the point guard position. And after Ja's first day on campus, going into his senior year, he came in and said to Coach Nichols, Ja's going to starting for us on day one. So we went to the two point guard attack that year and it worked out really well for us with the championship and the NCAA Tournament.

And now Ja is the latest, and I think we have a couple more great ones on the way. For me, when I talk to our coaching staff, it's about recruiting, scouting, and then the player development program. How much time are you going to invest in our players, in the gym, off the court, building those relationships. I think those are what helped players build that trust and keep getting better while they're at Murray State.

Q. Coach, obviously Ja and the rest of the team had a great trajectory the last two, three years. But yourself as a head coach, you're starting to have that trajectory as well. How do you keep yourself grounded in the moment here in Hartford and perhaps keep it going as head coach in Murray State?
MATT McMAHON: I don't worry about trajectories and all of that stuff. I'm just trying to help build the Murray State program as strong as we can. Make sure we're investing a lot of time and energy and care in our players, help them get better. I always try to keep things in perspective. For me growing up, I always wanted to play in the NCAA Tournament. It was always a dream of mine. You know, skipped school as a kid so I could stay home and watch the tournament all day, wanted to play in it one day, was fortunate to get that opportunity.

And then when you see what a great experience it was as a player, I want our guys to get to experience those same things. That's what it's all about for me is making sure our players have a great experience while they're at Murray State. I think if we do things the way we want them done, the culture is built the way we want it, the foundation is in place, the winning and all of that will take care of itself.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports




Q. For both guys, what kind of challenges does it bring playing such a big team? Obviously they start 7'4", 6'9", and their best player might be 6'10 off the bench. Have you seen teams that big and what kind of challenge is that?
SHAQ BUCHANAN: It will be tough. We haven't matched up with the team with that type of size all year. We've seen bigs though, playing athletic teams. So we practice on things like that, but I don't think it will bother us. We're ready for the challenge.

JA MORANT: They are a very long and athletic team. Like he said, we haven't seen a team like that before since Alabama. But we're just going to go into the game the same way we've been going into every game. Just try to play our game and just do what we do.

Q. Obviously, Ja had a great game yesterday, but the team as a whole played tremendous. I think you had 30 field goals and 23 assists. What do you need to keep that up tomorrow night against Florida State?
SHAQ BUCHANAN: We have a solid team. We know Ja will get all of the attention. Like it's amazing, but at the same time, we know how to handle that. And we know everybody's going to be keyed in on him tomorrow, so we just going to make plays for him like we did against Marquette.

JA MORANT: I'll say we just have a very talented group. We have a lot of people who can score the basketball, and we are very unselfish. Like you said, we had 23 assists yesterday. It's just how we play the game, just try to instead of taking a good shot, get a great shot. So really just try to go out and make the best of every possession.

Q. I guess I'm wondering what your offseason was like. You made such a big jump this season from very good freshman to to All-American sophomore. What were you working on? What was your process like this offseason to make this big improvement?
JA MORANT: I really just worked on the same things I've been working on most of my life really, the fundamentals. I'd say I keyed in more on just shooting more game shots this year, coming off ball screens and such, and feel like I got way better at it.

Q. Talk a little bit about the culture at Murray State that attracted each of you to want to come play basketball and go to school at Murray State.
SHAQ BUCHANAN: We knew about the winning tradition, getting to the tournament, producing pros, and then the fan base, the family atmosphere. That's what I was looking for coming into -- my next school, me coming from JUCO, and Murray State brought me in, and I saw all those things. That's why I chose Murray State.

JA MORANT: Murray State just has a great program. And really I'd say what brought me in was the family thing. I'm a big family person, and since day one, they made me family and they just made it their job just to get me to come here and I felt like I made a great decision.

Q. For both you guys, can you just talk about what the whole deal is with the wrestling belts in the locker room?
SHAQ BUCHANAN: Our Coach Matt, he a huge wrestling fan. One of our managers brought a wrestling best last year to the first OVC game. We just used it like our trophy, our motivation. This year we added two more. It's just something to look forward to. After a big win, we get to celebrate putting on our wrestling belts.

JA MORANT: Like you said, Coach Matt is a big wrestling fan and we just kept it going since last year. And this year, obviously we won the regular season championship, won the OVC championship, and now we're looking forward to winning the National Championship and that's the three WWE belts.

Q. Talk a little bit about each of you, the process that is so important to the Murray State basketball program and as Coach McMahon alludes to, getting ready for the next big thing that's there. How do you apply that to what you're doing now and preparing for Florida State?
SHAQ BUCHANAN: It fit in well with this tournament right now because we play Thursday, more like we play Thursday/Saturday. We going through it the same as we would if it was in the conference, play that Thursday, celebrate that Thursday and move on after that, Friday, like today, and get prepared for Saturday.

JA MORANT: Like he said, it's something we're used to playing on Thursday/Saturday. So we just take every game -- go into every game the same way. We been doing this really most of this second half of the season, playing Thursday, recovery Friday, focus on the team we got coming up Saturday, focus on them before the game and go out and just fight, try to get a win.

Q. Guys, against Florida State tomorrow, what do you feel like will be the biggest challenge that you'll have to earmark going into the match-up?
JA MORANT: I'd just say they're length. Like I said before, they are a very long and athletic team, can get after the ball some. So really I think our focus will just be taking care of the ball.

On the defensive end, we try to play the same, just focus on trying to force the team to take tough shots. Don't give them any easy looks. I think really taking care of the ball is our main focus.

SHAQ BUCHANAN: Like he was saying, taking care of the ball. Forcing them at like a terrible shot, limiting them to one shot, making sure we rebound. We know the taller and tougher they are, it's going to be a tough game. We know we have to box out.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Dupree, Coach Pitino talks about how this team doesn't really have a pulse. Is that something that this unit takes pride in, it doesn't get rattled too easily, you're not too overly emotional?
DUPREE McBRAYER: I would say he's the one who is usually getting on us about, like, showing emotion and stuff like that. We don't get fazed and I think that really helps us because even though he gets on us and we're sitting there calm looking at him, like, with a blank face. I think that kinda helps us in the games.

Q. Amir, for you specifically in the first Michigan State match-up, was there anything they did to slow you down or was that just an off-night and what has to be different in the rematch?
AMIR COFFEY: I thought they were connected on the defensive end. They did well with the ball defense and guarding smash actions pretty well. So they were doing things like jumping to the ball and helping the helper. They just played solid that game. And I was off that night as well. So they just did a good job the first time.

Q. Amir, with a lot of ups and downs this season what have you learn about the resiliency of this group as one of the leaders of the team?
AMIR COFFEY: Just how resilient we are through the highs and lows. We have had some good points through the season and we've also had some low points. We went on a losing streak three or four games and everybody stayed confident and stayed the course. Just that, having that factor with our team really helps and I think it's one of the reasons why we got to this point.

Q. Amir, I was wondering when you guys are playing a Big Ten team obviously how is the prep different in this short turnaround? I know you only played 'em once, but it's a program you guys are familiar with versus prep for Louisville or other NCAA situations where it's a team that you don't have as much familiarity with. Can you go deeper because you are familiar or could you compare and contrast?
AMIR COFFEY: I would say on the Louisville prep we focused a little more on personnel and player tendencies because we've never played them before. With the prep like Michigan State, you can focus on what they're doing in their schemes because we already know all the players and what they like to do already. So I would say that's the biggest difference. But it's really the same, go over plays, watch film and get ready for the game.

Q. Dupree, you guys played in Chicago three games. Where is the fatigue factor coming out of a long stretch of games like that back-to-back-to-back coming out and getting ready for a NCAA Tournament?
DUPREE McBRAYER: Coach gave us some time off, two days. We were able to prepare. Got good reps in. Was able to take everything game like, so there is not really any fatigue.

Q. As a team yesterday, you guys really kind of had maybe your best shooting performance of the season, particularly Gabe. Is that something that you guys sort of think about for tomorrow? Is it just totally new game, new slate?
AMIR COFFEY: I would say it's a new slate. We gotta get past the last one, who shot the ball well. But it might not be like that tomorrow, so go into the game focusing on what we need to do and hopefully we shoot the ball like that again. It would obviously help us, but if we're not we gotta find different ways to score.

DUPREE McBRAYER: Same thing he said, new slate. Hopefully we shoot the ball that well tomorrow and if we don't we have to find a way to impact the game and make points.

Q. What would you guys have in your mind about how you thought fans would travel yesterday? When the crowd really got behind you, even for that early game, what did that feel like? What are you hoping for tomorrow maybe now that there is another chance for folks to make the 3 and a half hour drive down?
AMIR COFFEY: I mean, personally to me it kinda felt like a home game, just because of the simple fact that we had so many fans there and they were loud and active the whole game. So shout out to them for making that drive for us. They gave us a lot of energy. It was a really good turnout. When we got our seeding and found out we were playing here we were very hopeful that they would come out for us and they did.

DUPREE McBRAYER: Yeah, definitely felt like a home game. The place mostly felt like a lot of Gopher fans and we're really thankful for their support and hopefully we get the same crowd tomorrow.

Q. Amir, did you ever have a conversation with Coach Pitino about increasing your minutes to the point where you were really going to be playing full games here down the stretch? And do you embrace that as part of your skill set to be able to play 40 a game?
AMIR COFFEY: I mean, he didn't really mention it to me that I was going to start playing the full game. I think it's something that he just tried out, and I think it really just goes on a game-to-game basis. So if I come out or not it's just whatever helps the team, but there was no conversation there.

First time playing for him it was tough at first, just getting my fatigue right. But after a while I kinda got used to it. After the second or third game I kinda got used to it and just gave the team what I had.

Q. Amir, being someone that grew up in Minnesota and having the chance to win an NCAA Tournament game yesterday, what does that do for you and kind of the pride of being from Minnesota?
AMIR COFFEY: It was really cool. Especially for the other guys from Minnesota on the team. You know, just being from Minnesota and having it across your chest winning an NCAA Tournament game, especially in front of all of our fans that made that drive for us. It was a special feeling.

Q. Amir, obviously your dad played for the Gophers. What was his reaction after the win and what did he say to you?
AMIR COFFEY: He was excited, obviously. I looked over at him a couple times during the game and he was yelling and on his feet. He definitely had high energy. Just told me what I could do better, gave me tips on my shot and just was excited for myself and my teammates and said to keep going.

THE MODERATOR: Gentlemen, thanks very much. Best of luck tomorrow.

Pleased to welcome Coach Richard Pitino.

RICHARD PITINO: Obviously excited for our program and our players to be able to advance in this tournament. Being here two years ago was great, and, you know, as a program you're always trying to move forward. So to be able to improve on getting to the tournament and advancing is huge. I loved the way that we played. Obviously we won, but I thought we played very, very well in every phase yesterday versus Louisville. Our guys battled and now we gotta be ready, obviously, because Michigan State, terrific, terrific team who is playing as good as any team in the country. They've got Cassius Winston who is probably one of the best point guards in the country and a lot of really good pieces around them, and obviously Coach Izzo does a terrific job. So it's going to be a tough job for us, but we're excited for the opportunity.

Q. Coach, what have you seen differently from Michigan State in the paint with Tillman obviously replacing Ward as far as their go-to guy inside?
RICHARD PITINO: Ward is still a factor. They've got a lot of depth. Unfortunately, they've dealt with some injuries. But they're still going to be who Michigan State is. The bigs are going to run court, duck you in early, pound the glass. They're relentless, you know. They're physically relentless and that's been the consistent theme with that team every single year that we've played them. So there is not a whole lot of drop-off.

Q. Obviously this is a unique situation having Michigan State in the second round. Is it actually a benefit for you just having the short turnaround time and being able to prep for the game because you know their team so well already?
RICHARD PITINO: I would rather place somebody else and not know them. I guess from a prep standpoint it's easier, but just because we know who they are, obviously we know they're very, very good. I'm not sure it's an advantage, necessarily, but from a short prep time, these guys know what Michigan State is all about. We got a lot of respect for how they do things. It's important to get rest. When you play a physical game like we played yesterday it's important to get rest. But watching the film and putting together a game plan on the court as well as in the film room is important.

Q. What's the difference in your team between now and the one we saw in East Lansing in February.
RICHARD PITINO: That was not a very good team at the time. We were struggling, allowing them to get out on the break. Cassius was very good. McQuaid was very good. Nick Ward really hurt us down low. Curry went down with calf issues. Playing at Michigan State is very, very hard. But we've got some confidence going now, beat Purdue twice in ten days. They're a terrific team, went in and beat a surging Penn State team and beat a Louisville team yesterday. So probably a confidence factor, feeling those wins, tasting them, offensively we played well and defensively did a lot of good things.

So I think more than anything playing in the middle of the Big Ten versus the NCAA Tournament, probably mentally these guys are more locked in and feeling great about where they are and also understanding the challenges that lie ahead.

Q. Richard this will be your 24th game against a Big Ten opponent, same with Michigan State. I'm curious with the 20-game schedule and the way the brackets fell out, do you think it was fair or just, I know you guys can only do what the Committee gives you. But should the Big Ten have been matched up this early and also with a chance to have a 25th game if Maryland gets through for one of you guys?
RICHARD PITINO: You're not going to hear me complain. I don't care who we play. You're never going to hear me complain about that. We're going to play who is in front of us. Michigan State is a terrific team. In order to go to a Sweet 16 you're never going to play easy games. We take what we get. We're excited to be in this tournament and obviously excited about an opportunity to go play for the Sweet 16.

Q. Kenny Goins have been a player for Michigan State who has been a pivotal role player all year. He's struggled as of late, but how do you game plan for a guy who has been in so many different roles throughout the years?
RICHARD PITINO: Testament to him that he's gotten so much better. Works his butt off. Obviously his story is great, can shoot the ball, last night didn't shoot as well. But he's a much better shooter than that. The things they will put you in, run pick and pops, run ball screens, dive him, lift the 4 man up. So you've got to be ready to guard him. And a three-point shot that's part of their offense and they're going to rebound it. For him he's very versatile, tough, and he has the ability to stretch the defense. So it's a tough match-up for us.

Q. Given the extended run in the Big Ten tournament this is looking at the fifth game in a really short period of time. How comfortable are you energy-wise with where your guys are at and what have you done to keep them fresh with this unique situation?
RICHARD PITINO: Yeah, I mean, obviously with Matz who is going through the concussion protocol and Jordan Murphy who had back spasms yesterday and guys playing major minutes. Amir Coffey didn't come out. Dupree played a lot. Rest is important. As a coach, you've got to make sure that whatever you do with your team benefits the team not necessarily you as a coach. Coaches sometimes like to make themselves feel better on the practice court where it may not always be beneficial for them. So with one day off, you gotta get rest. It's very, very important to keep them off their feet and make sure they are getting rehab and all those things and also understand what the game plan is.

Q. Richard, watching your team since you played Michigan State earlier in the season, you guys have evolved. You're not the same team. I'm curious how has Michigan State evolved or have they stayed the course?
RICHARD PITINO: They're always pretty good. You know, I mean, they've been pretty consistent since I've coached against them. They've got the certain pillars or the way they want to play. They don't deviate from them a whole lot. Cassius is so rock solid with everything that he does. Nick Ward on and off with injuries. Those younger guys are getting better. Henry is an X factor for them on the glass. They've been good for a long time. Coach Izzo is one of the best for a reason. They are a good basketball team and they beat Michigan three times and Michigan is a really, really good team.

Q. Coaches yesterday found some spotlight for heated interaction with Aaron Henry. What's your take on how that unfolded from watching the video of it? Could you comment on what your reaction to basically the national reaction has been? There has been some negative and positive, but there has been a lot of it, regardless. What's your take on that?
RICHARD PITINO: I can tell you this, I'm not surprised that there is outrage. There is outrage with everything that goes on with everything that any of us do, so that's not a surprise. As for Coach Izzo, I've coached against him for six years and I've never seen a group of players that play harder, respect and love more than Coach Izzo. He's going to be hard on them, but every single player when he talks to them, arm around them. He's tough on them. He should be tough on them. He's in the Hall of Fame, and I didn't see too much of all of that. But I know his players love playing for him. I was at Michigan State when they had the National Championship team with Magic Johnson and all those guys that came back, and I don't know how many missed that. That's a testament to Coach Izzo. Those players are lucky to play for him. Every time I coach against him I learn something from him, so I have 1000% respect for him more than any other coach I've ever faced.

Q. Richard, just being from in the locker room now and on Wednesday seems like your team has a good camaraderie off the court. In your opinion, how does that translate on the court and do you put much stock in the whole team chemistry thing?
RICHARD PITINO: It's important from a chemistry standpoint to have off the court a respect level for each other as human beings and obviously as teammates. It's important but you've got to develop that on the court, too. That's just as important as being friends, hanging out together. There's got to be a chemistry on the court in the heat of the battle, when adversity hits being able to talk to each other, being able to push each other, being able to address something on the court the right way talking to each other and you're probably going to do. You're going to be better at that if you like each other and respect each other. Winning helps that, having good kids like we do also helps that as well.

Q. Richard, certainly Izzo is not going to let Gabe take open looks. What is the counter to how you expect Michigan State to defend him?
RICHARD PITINO: You know, Louisville has got a terrific defense and offensively I thought we executed very well. We rebounded the ball well. It all starts with us with our defense. If we can defend we can rebound and it allows us to get out on the break. That's been kind of the ingredient for us all year. When we've been good we've been able to defend. It's all about execution. We're all going to know everything that we're doing this time of year. It's just a matter of how hard do you cut, how hard do you screen, how well do you move the ball and share it?

Q. Richard, the last seven games are arguably the best stretch of Amir's career. Looking at the big picture how have you seen him develop the last three years to get to where he is now?
RICHARD PITINO: Just been a normal, natural progression. Everybody is in a rush to skip steps. For Amir he was An All-freshman player in the Big Ten. Played the most minutes in the league for a team that was a 5 seed in the NCAA Tournament, and last year he was playing well and unfortunately he had season-ending surgery. He's healthy and he's reliable and what he's attacking the right way he's tough to keep in front and tough when he's getting to the basket. He's played a lot of games forty minutes. That's hard to do. He's quietly a fierce, fierce competitor.

Q. Coach, you spoke about Gabe's professionalism and work ethic. How have you tried to use that as an example for other guys or has it inherently rubbed on off on them?
RICHARD PITINO: There is no better peer pressure than seeing somebody like Gabe when you break for practice and you can either go to the locker room, the training room, you can shoot half court shots, mess around with your teammates or Gabe Kalscheur will go straight to the corner and do a shooting routine, doesn't matter. He did it today. Doesn't matter where we are, when we're playing, what game we played the night before, that does not affect him. When he shoots free throws and he does his free throw shooting routine. Every free throw he points up to the sky for whatever reason. He does that when he is practicing. He is methodical in his approach and you see what he did last night. I would hope that would motivate our guys. It would motivate me.

Q. Obviously we know yesterday Jordan is going to play regardless, but how is he doing healthwise; and Matz, if he doesn't play what do you like from the guys off the bench?
RICHARD PITINO: Matz is going through the concussion protocol, so it's day-by-day there. We don't really know. Jordan has improved. He was struggling, laboring through that second half. We got a lot of treatment for him. We didn't go full-go today in practice by any means, but we held him out. But I would anticipate knowing the way I know Jordan I would be very surprised if he doesn't play.

Q. When you first started recruiting Gabe Kalscheur what were a few things that stood out about him?
RICHARD PITINO: The ability to hit shots. I know he played on a really good AAU team and he would have games where he would hit five, six threes. I did see kind of like that business-like approach, which I really liked. He's a good person, cares about being a good person, cares about winning.

Those are guys that the more I'm in the Big Ten you win with guys like that. Guys that are smart players, take this thing seriously, not afraid of contact, not afraid to guard the best player. I mean, it's kind of amazing because he didn't have a lot of high, major offers. But he was a guy that we identified with, we didn't care about rankings or anything like that and we wanted him. He's been a great player, had a really good freshman year.

Q. Coach, you talk about how even keeled this team is. You have used the phrase that they didn't have a pulse?
RICHARD PITINO: Did I say that?

Q. I think so. And guys like Amir are competitive. Do you think that even keel approach is a form of competitiveness and how do you see it play out?
RICHARD PITINO: I think it's a strength. I do think when you're in the Big Ten and you're playing 20 league games and you're in, like we talked about, all the outrage in today's world you can't get too high or too low. You really can't, because it's going to happen. There is no running from that part of it in our profession today, especially with social media. So you need to be able to, if you lose two or three in a row in the Big Ten you just gotta move on. You've got to learn from every single game that you play in. Guys have had nights where they haven't hit shots and they've stayed the course. You have to do that. It's a long, long season.

We're playing our best basketball now and I think a lot of that has to do with kinda the mentality of the team. They really don't get too high. They really don't get too low.

Q. Just how do you see your bigs, whether it's Daniel and Jordan or whoever else off the bench matching up against Xavier Tillman, Ward and Goins?
RICHARD PITINO: It's not easy. They're big, strong, physical, and you try to game plan for it, but when you don't have that on your roster it's hard to see. So obviously playing against them opens our eyes a little bit. But there is not a lot of front courts with that size and that physicality and as relentless as they are. We're going to have to do a great job on those guys. That's extremely important when you're playing Michigan State.

Q. Coach, winning an NCAA Tournament game hasn't happened much in the last 20 years. What does that do for the program moving forward and obviously having kids on the team from Minnesota having big moments like Gabe and Daniel and Amir?
RICHARD PITINO: Yeah, when you are building a program, winning, facilities, all that stuff is great, but at the end of the day winning is what sells your program more than anything. From a recruiting standpoint when you see a guy like Gabe Kalscheur and Daniel and Amir and Jarvis and Michael, those are five kids playing in a NCAA Tournament game and helping us win and advance, that sells more than anything else. Their families are in the stands, and, you know, they're excited about it. You see an arena that's filled with Gopher fans. That's what playing college basketball is all about. You see these players are getting better and getting that exposure. That's a dream come true. To hear Gabe Kalscheur I get chills and I'm not just saying that, but to hear Kevin Harlan calling that, that's special even for me. Winning helps and you need to be able to capitalize off that success and continue to get good recruiting classes.

Q. Did you do anything to commemorate the win or do you have any well wishes that you would like to speak of?
RICHARD PITINO: I went to dinner. Is that something? I went to dinner with my wife and my brother. No, other than that, just move on. It's a great win, you know? It's a great win. But in this tournament, it's like anything else, I told our team you got to the tournament which is a goal. Are you just happy to be here or would you like to make some noise? Obviously they showed the ability to do that versus a really good Louisville team. Now you've got your one game away from a Sweet 16. You've got to beat a really, really good Michigan State team. So, no, I didn't do anything besides get a bite to eat and watch film and try to find our guys a way to beat a really, really good Michigan State team.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. I'm just curious, any similarities you see between either the program you have or the program you want to have and what you see in Villanova from a culture standpoint?
MATT PAINTER: Well, obviously, they've done a very good job of finding their guys and developing those guys with, you know, the four guys that we faced a couple years ago that are now in the NBA, and Paschall and Booth were in the game that we played also. So you can see kind of the evolution of their program from one year to the next, and then how it kind of continues. And they've had some guys leave early, but they've also had older guys. They've had a very good balance.

That's what you have to be able do is have consistency in recruiting and not have those empty classes, especially in their case where guys will leave after they have developed in a short amount of time. That's so key. That's how you keep winning. That's how you keep winning Big East Championships and National Championships is by advancing. Not by having a couple of good guys, but by having a handful of really good players that buy into a system.

So their discipline and their toughness and obviously their decision-making and their skill isn't just like a one-year deal or a one-player deal, it's a vision. It's a group of guys buying into it and sticking together and playing hard.

Q. You guys got a lot of components to your team, but you've got such a volume shooter and scorer in Carsen that I'm sure team do a lot of different things to try to limit him.
He can obviously get off and change a game for you all. What have teams tried? And you look at the man-to-man switching defense, how do you expect them to attack Carsen?

MATT PAINTER: I think they're going to make it difficult. They always try to take guys away whether they're switching ball screens or trapping ball screens or switching other action away from the basketball. They're going to get you out of rhythm. The one thing with Villanova, no matter who you have on your team, they're still going to do the same things they do.

They might change a little bit, but for the most part they're going to be very physical. They're going to play very hard. They're going make you beat them in a different way than you're used to. I think that's probably more important for our team to understand is when they take something away, you know, you can't stand. You have to keep moving. You have to go to that second, third option, and you can't panic.

I think once they get you kind of shooting into a crowd or shooting a little further out than you're used to, they have you where they definitely want you. You still have to be able to get the basketball in the paint. It's no different than what they're trying to do on the offensive end. If you let Villanova live in the paint, they're going to beat you. You have to do something and you have to be steady enough on the defensive end to keep them out of there.

Q. Just your thoughts on what Jay Wright has been able to achieve at Villanova in his time there. Obviously he couldn't get over the hump for a while, but two times in the last three years he got it done.
MATT PAINTER: I think people that don't win the National Championship, I think they do get over the hump. It is pretty difficult. You can't just call one team a successful team and the rest of us are failures. I think there's a lot of great coaches out there that don't make the NCAA Tournament some years. It's very difficult. It's very competitive. It's a hard thing to do.

He obviously did a great job at his previous stop and obviously earned the right to get the opportunity at Villanova, and he's been here a long time. That's a hard thing to do is stay some place for a long time. You have to have consistency. You have to have discipline, and you have to continue to learn from your own mistakes. Just from reading articles from him, five, six, seven years ago, they might have got a more talented guy or higher-ranked guy, but it wasn't a Villanova guy.

Here they've done a much better job the past five, six years getting his type of guy and the fitting into their culture and it led to a lot of wins and a lot of championships.

Q. Just to extend further on that, how hard is that to do in this sport with a current culture to get four-year players like Jalen Brunson, Josh Hart, those types of guys?
MATT PAINTER: Not all of those guys were four-year players even though they stayed three years. I think you put them in that mold. I think the hardest thing to do for him is knowing when they're going to leave. If you have a one-and-done guy who is the number one-ranked guy in the country, and everyone knows he's going to leave, you prepare for that. And when it's obvious, the people you're recruiting understand that and you don't have to argue that fact.

But when you have guys that wait in the balance and after their second year, they might be an end of the first round or second round guy or middle to the second round, they really don't know if they're going to go or not. With that most people that you top 100 type players, you sign them in the fall before you get to that point. That's a very tough balance to be able to do. You always have to prepare that people are going leave. When they don't leave, these freshman, they don't want to come in and sit. They want to come in and they want to play right away and they want that opportunity.

I think he has a great situation because now he's won at such a high level, been very consistent. He can show the substance. He can show what coming and maybe playing a role for a year and then developing into one of his stars in year two and three has paid off for those guys that have been successful at Villanova and also been successful professionally.

Q. Matt, can you provide an injury update on Nojel and whether he's a game-time decision and whether he's cleared?
MATT PAINTER: I think he'll be all right. We're going to go and practice a little bit here, not much. I think he'll be okay. I think it was good for him to get into the second half and be able to play a couple minutes for us. Everything looks like it's going to be a go.

Q. Coach, I was wondering if you got any chance to see Murray State yesterday or how much you might have seen of Ja Morant, and just as a basketball guy what your take is on him?
MATT PAINTER: I just watched him a little bit. I watched a little bit of the game yesterday, obviously not live. But he plays in a league that I used to coach in 20 years ago. So there's always been talented players in the Ohio Valley Conference. We played Belmont this year and were fortunate to beat them. They're a really good team, well coached. But the guy at Murray State, Matt does a good job. It's hard sometimes when you get a guy of that magnitude, but it's also kind of easy when they're passers. Ja Morant passes the basketball. He keeps everybody happy, and when you have the guys that can score 30 points in a game but also can get guys open shots, and they have a couple guys that can make shots and they got a couple good interior guys, and you have that balance at that level, that's pretty special. Because you have a big point, but you have size and you have shooters and now that's what high major teams look like. High major teams look like that kind of a balance because you're able to get out and guess those guys.

But I think Ja Morant is a pretty special player. When you can affect the game in different ways -- it's hard to get into a tournament and really scheme for those guys. You overdo some things, and those guys are making threes, they're going to be a tough out.

Q. Coach, how cool do you think this week has been for Aaron Wheeler being a Connecticut kid and what are you expecting for him tomorrow?
MATT PAINTER: Well, he did some good things for us yesterday. He got in foul trouble. He had four fouls. I should have played him more our the last game of the tournament. He did some good things for us. They had a good front line, big front line in Minnesota, but he offset some things with his ability to stretch the defense. That's what we really need from him. We need him to stretch the defense and get out in transition and make some plays. Last night he had a really good play in transition where he got fouled and scored the basket. So we feel Aaron is going to be a really good player. Obviously last year he redshirted. This year he played about 10 to 15 minutes a game and keeps working hard on his progression where he will play more for us in the future.

Things work in various ways. To be able to be from Connecticut and then come to a school in the state of Indiana and play in your first NCAA Tournament back in your home state, that's pretty cool, a little surreal.

Q. Matt, what do you think about the versatility of Eric Paschall for Villanova?
MATT PAINTER: He's a tough cover. I just got done watching him versus us three years ago. He had like 14 points in 8 minutes. But we had a different group. He played like the undersized five for them in that tape. And obviously we've watched him a lot through clips and things this year. So not too many guys can say they can play the two, three, four, and five and guard those positions. He's one of the few guys. I think he's got a bright future just because of those interchangeable pieces. He can shoot it. He can drive it. He's powerful. He's explosive. I think he'll play in the NBA for a long time.

But you have to be there with him and get him of rhythm and then you have to be able keep him in front of you and I don't think there's a lot of people that can do that. That's going to be a challenge for our team, just to try to keep him out of rhythm, keep him away from the rim as much as possible. Just not let him get going. When great players get go egg they're tough to stop.

Q. When you're in the recruiting process and you were looking for a guard and I know there's some local-ish guys who were you looking at Zavier Simpson and the guy that went to Illinois whose name escapes me.
Anyway, what made you say no we're going to go with this kid from Texas who really likes to fire it up. We're going live and die with him. What about him made you say let's give him this scholarship?

MATT PAINTER: Actually the scenario was different. We had a guy commit to us in the fall that decommitted to us in the spring. So then we had to start our recruiting at that time. So trying to now get back involved with Zavier Simpson, start recruiting the kid that went to Illinois, that has transferred from Illinois since, and then pick up Carsen's recruitment along with about four, five other guys, it's something I don't like to do.

Everybody says these four or five guys that are left are good enough to play in the Big Ten, but that doesn't mean they're the right fit for Purdue. I want the guys that fit at Purdue and are productive. Now, if there's five, six guys out there you can get involved with, how many of those guys fit your criteria and how many of those guys can you get that do fit your criteria? That's a sticky part of recruiting.

When we jumped in with him, just his ability to make shots is what jumped out to me. You know, I just think when you have somebody that can shoot that way and put that kind of points on the board, you just got to be able to figure it out. So we took him kind of as a point combo, but just a quality player, and we're very fortunate. We're very fortunate to be able to get him especially the circumstances I explained.

Q. Coach, I asked Carsen and Ryan this question as well. Two different questions. First one about the growth of your team from 6-5 to now 18-4 your last 22. What has been your biggest areas of growth in your team in the great 22-game stretch you've played?
MATT PAINTER: What did they say? Because they're the ones that play. They said it was all coaching?

THE MODERATOR: They said it was coaching.

MATT PAINTER: They said it was coaching?

Q. Yes.
MATT PAINTER: No question. They are trying to get more minutes, and they play 34 minutes a game.

I think it was our ability to defend and just ultimately play harder. You know, the thing I talked about after the Notre Dame game was, we all try to find our ways through our scoring. And one of the best things to be able to do as you grow as a player is to get over yourself, and it's really hard to do. As a coach, you got to get over yourself. Bill Walsh calls it the disease of me. You win games and you think it's you, but in reality, it's just a small part. If you win games at Purdue and you coach at Purdue, do you have a hand in the success? Yes, you have a hand in the success, but a very, very small part. It's still a player's game.

But as a player, if you have that attitude this a team game and we're in it, if you score 30 points and you understand a lot of people helped you score those 30 points, it makes it work. If you score 30 points and you think you're the one that did it all, it just doesn't work that way. But when you're trying to find your way in a game and you play 6 to 10 minutes a game or 10 to 20 minutes a game and take your value from the three shots you get, then you're missing the big picture. If you take three good shots and miss them, there's nothing wrong with that. If you take three bad shots and go one for three, there's something wrong with all three of those bad shots even though one went in.

You have to take your value, effort, attitude and ability to be productive. Guarding your man, not turning the ball over, executing. Those are the things that lead to winning. So I really just try to get each guy to understand that. And also kind of like when you're losing close games -- we lost to Florida State, Texas, Virginia Tech. They were all possession games. Two of them were on the road, one was neutral. We're not that far away. Yet if everybody can be just one possession better, we're going put ourselves in a lot better position going forward.

That's just kind of the message that I try to get across to each guy. And I thought each guy in their own little ways sacrificed and did those things. I thought the guys coming off our bench really helped. It really helped understanding that their ten minutes was important. Instead of thinking I played ten minutes and this stinks, I don't get to play more. If you play hard and you're a freshman your time is going to come.

Q. St. Mary's deployed two big men occasionally last night against Villanova. Is that something you saw that you think you can work with Haarms and Williams. You used it a few times this year.
MATT PAINTER: I think we could possibly do that. But whoever is playing well, whoever is defending and doing a good job, I think is who we'll stay with. I think that's going be an important piece to this game. You know, what guys do we have who start and what guys do we have coming off the bench that could match up well with them, that they have some -- they're very versatile guys so it's a tough match-up for us. If we can do that and still take care of the basketball. I don't see why there's any problem of us playing two bigs but a lot of times we just stick with our rotation with the guys that we have.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. You guys are going up against Matt Haarms who is 7'3". How often do you guys play guys who are over 7 feet and what kind of mismatch does that present for you guys?
PHIL BOOTH: We play a lot of guys like that. I mean, last game we played against Hunter from St. Mary's about 6'11". In the championship game, we played against Seton Hall, Romaro Gill is about 7'2". We played a lot of guys over 7 feet. Michigan has someone that's 7'1". So we still learning how to deal with guys with that much height. Haarms bring a lot of skill to it as well. He'll present some challenges.

JERMAINE SAMUELS: Going off what Booth said, you now he's a really, really big guy. We'll discuss as a team how to deal with that and execute on the defensive end.

Q. You had a lot of big buckets down the stretch yesterday. What do you need to do to start off the game hot and continue that momentum tomorrow night?
JERMAINE SAMUELS: I would just say, just staying confident, staying ready. My teammates and my coaches are always going find ways to put me in positions to score and make plays. And as long as I look to score, be aggressive, the rest should take care of itself.

Q. Phil, what is it that you've seen from Purdue that would concern you especially on the defensive end?
PHIL BOOTH: They do a lot of great things offensively. So many shooters. Of course, Edwards is averaging over 20 a game. He can really take over a game. They have, between Cline and Eifert, great shooters, and inside they have Haarms, and they have a guy like -- No. 20, I can't remember his name. Eastern who can do it all. He handles the ball, finishes, does a lot of good things for them, passes the ball very well, they have a lot of different guys can beat you.

Q. Phil, you mentioned Carson Edwards. He's such a high-volume shooter and high-volume scorer, and you've seen a lot of those guys. And without giving away your game plan, which I don't expect you guys to do, I mean, how do you guys like to contend with a guy who has that possibility of going off and changing the game all by himself?
PHIL BOOTH: Those type of guys are very dangerous. Between Markus Howard this season, Miles Powell and now Carsen Edwards, those guys can take over a game and dominate, go for 30 or 40 if you let them get in a rhythm. Just trying to make everything difficult on these shots. He's the type of guy that can get going no matter what the defense is giving him.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports



Q. Jay, Matt Painter has talked about how getting old and staying old has been a big part of their success. I am curious how that's playing into what you've been able to do at Villanova.
JAY WRIGHT: Definitely important to us, and it's something we're really trying to work on with our recruiting and our roster structuring. And we got caught this year. We expected to have Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman back. But for all good reasons, it worked out great for them. So we're willing to take that hit. And it probably will affect us more even next year than it will this year because we won't have any seniors next year. Thank God for Phil Booth and Eric Paschall. They've had a lot of responsibility, and the old guys still carry this team.

Q. Matt Painter lost four seniors last year, probably one of his top classes. What can you say about the job he's done this year to get his team here?
JAY WRIGHT: I just saw him in the hallway. That's exactly what I said to him. I said I'm so happy for you to have a season like this and impressed. It's amazing, it really is. Because like we just talked about, I know in their program, they rely on guys that understand their system and that have played in their system and are proud of being a part of something bigger than themselves. That's what makes them good. And then you lose four of them. It takes time to build that again.

And I think not just what they've been able to do this year, but the way they've been able to improve throughout the entire season. To win the Big Ten -- they were 16-4, I believe, right? In the Big Ten? That's impressive any time, any year, but after losing four guys, that's amazing.

Q. Are you excited that it's a single session tomorrow so there will actually be people in the building when you tip off?
JAY WRIGHT: I feel bad about saying that now. Everybody in the building's been awesome. The building's been great. We have great locker rooms. Everyone treats us great. Everything's set up. I just meant it was just shocking to the players who have not been in an NCAA Tournament, when you tell them how special it is. I know it was because of TV and the NCAA, but I didn't mean to say anything bad about the people of the building. It's not their fault. The building's been great. We've been treated extremely well. So I am happy to have a crowd there.

Q. Jay, just your thoughts on what Matt Painter's been able to build over his 15 years at Purdue, the sustained round of success?
JAY WRIGHT: Yeah. You can look around college basketball. It's the hardest thing to do. It's the hardest thing to do in anything is sustained excellence, right? You can get hot for a while and then how do you handle success, right? Or you can be down for a while and how do you handle failure?

He's handled everything, and every year you just know that team is going to be well-coached, disciplined. They're going to execute and they're going to compete for championships every year. It's really impressive. And greatness is sustained excellence, right? And that's what he's done.

And I'm sure Coach Keady is really proud. I was watching film and just to see him sitting in the stands at one of their games. I think that's a big part of it. I think Matt respects Purdue's history, respects Coach Keady, and that's what makes him so good. It's not about him, it's about the tradition of Purdue basketball. To be as successful as he is and as good a coach as he and not make it about him is probably what's unique about him and Purdue.

Q. Jay, Carsen Edwards, a guy who has such an incredibly high volume of takes and makes, the kind of guy that scares you a little bit because if he goes off, it doesn't matter in some ways what else you're doing. I don't want you to give me your game plan. I asked Booth for it. He wouldn't give it to me.
A guy that quick is it hard to deny. Is it then just switch and help and make sure he doesn't have a lot room to maneuver. How do you look at him?

JAY WRIGHT: But similar to those guys, Powell and Howard, where you're not going to stop them. And part of the game is not getting frustrated. If he comes down in transition and pulls up literally from 30 foot and makes a shot, that can't break you mentally.

And the thing about Purdue more than any team we've played is the other guys are really good, too. Cline could put up the numbers that Edwards did if Edwards wasn't on the team. Again I think that's what makes them a great team that it doesn't bother any of them and it's obvious the way they play together.

Haarms, yeah they can go inside if Edwards -- if they just choose. Eifert shoots the hell out of it, right? And then you look at Eastern, that kid can do a lot. He can post up. He can drive the ball. He can score and guard anybody. So we can't just try to hold Edwards. He could score 25 and maybe you could win, because he's just so good. But what makes them so difficult is his explosiveness and then the ability of the guys around him.

Q. You mentioned sustaining excellence and obviously you've had player turnover. You've also have an enormous amount of staff turnover because of the all of the winning and guys going on to get jobs. How have you handled that? I think you started a little feeder system in your program. I wonder if that's intentional or happened organically?
JAY WRIGHT: You know what, that is something we're really proud of this year. Over last two years, we lost our top two assistants to head coaching positions. Baker Dunleavy is here at Connecticut at Quinnipiac and Ashley Howard at LaSalle.

From our top assistants to our third assistant Mike Nardi to Dwayne Anderson, everybody is in a new position for the first time. That was one of our struggles about being young this year, too. And those guys have done an incredible job and I'm really proud of them. And when you talk about the feeder system, one of the things that we've learned over the years is all of those guys on our staff have either been previously assistants on our staff or have played for us.

And it's harder to teach our culture than it is to teach the X's and O's of what we do. So we want to keep guys that understand the culture when they come in, so it's an easier adjustment to whatever we're doing X and O wise. That's been part of our feeder system.

Q. Jay, I don't know if you had a chance maybe to sneak a peek at Murray State yesterday or if you've seen them in person in the past, but I just wonder as a basketball guy, your take on Ja and what you like about him, what's unique about him?
JAY WRIGHT: I haven't seen a lot. But the thing that I have -- so take this with a grain of salt. But I love when guys that are that talented, that could play to get outrageous numbers in terms of scoring always makes the right play and always plays to win. That's what is really impressive to me. Now, I haven't seen a lot. But when you have that much talent, and you know you can really get a shot off any time you want and you could score as much as you want, but you still make the right pass and make the right play to your teammates and you still defend and rebound, that's always hard to do, but in today's players' mindset it's really rare. It's really impressive.

Q. Jay, offensive rebounding last night was a bit of a problem and it seems to have been --
JAY WRIGHT: It was non-existent.

Q. Non-existent, I'll use your word. But it's been hot and cold. What do you guys have to reinforce especially tomorrow night because Purdue averages over 12 offensive rebounds a game.
JAY WRIGHT: There's two sides of that. Number one, is keeping them off the glass. You know, even their guards offensively rebound really well, which is rare. So that's what's interesting about the NCAA Tournament. When you go against different styles and you really only have a day to prepare and that team that you're preparing for has not just a different style, they're really successful at it or they wouldn't be here. How we can quickly get our guards to rebound against their guards is going to be important.

And then for us to just do a better job of stealing an extra possession or two. We got a couple at the end of the game that were -- last night, but we only got a couple, but they were crucial. We watched film today and we've just got to commit to it and maybe do a better job, but they're a great rebounding team.

Q. You talked a little bit about Purdue's offense. What do they do defensively that concerns you?
JAY WRIGHT: Very disciplined in terms of using their size. They've got great size, to keep you in front of them, but still remain close enough to contest your threes. Some teams could back off and keep you in front of them, but they can't guard the three. And then some teams can get up in you but you can go by them. Again that's why Matt's a great coach, and they all do it. They just give you just enough space that you can't go by them, but they can still get up and contest you and they keep you in front of them.

So offensive rebounding is difficult when you don't go by anybody, and they always keep you between them and the basket, though a, great job of that.

Q. Question related to Ja. The kid comes in, he's a little off the radar and takes big steps each year. So many of the superstars, like a Zion, in the one-and-done era, seem to be sort of ready-made superstars. Do we underrate the development that happens in college basketball? In other words, like guys can actually take some time to develop into stars?
JAY WRIGHT: Yeah. We do. And I get it. You know, I get that everybody likes to see the phenom and the new guy that just came on the scene, and he's going be a great NBA player. And it's a no-brainer, right? I get that. And you have to celebrate that. It's pretty cool. I actually feel bad, I've never seen Zion in person. I want to see it. It would be nice in a game, because that means we advanced.

But I think true college basketball fans really desire knowing more about the guys that develop, you know. And I wish we would do more of that. And I wish somehow we could figure out in college basketball -- -- I do not want to take away anything from those guys that are the stars, because they make the game. They make people come to the game and watch it on TV. But the true college basketball fans, I wish there's a way in college basketball we could really celebrate those guys.

There's some awards, like the best senior in the country that stayed for four years, but I don't feel it gets the publicity, you know, maybe of the one-and-done guy that's a great player, too. And those guys are really valuable to our game and those guys are valuable in the NBA, too. So it's something that, hey, maybe we can all work on together.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Carsen, obviously, there's like 7 for 23 the last game. You started off so hot in this one. How important was that, and when did you know you were having a career night?
CARSEN EDWARDS: Honestly, I wouldn't say I knew I had a career night until the game was over. I was just so focused on trying to get the win, especially in games like this where you value every possession. I was out there fighting with my brothers, and was able to get the win and I was able to have some shots fall for me.

Q. Carsen, how tired have you been of people asking you about not shooting well and kind of what a statement this performance makes?
CARSEN EDWARDS: If we're being really honest, I'm very tired of it, but I understand. I just have to keep working even after being able to have a game like this, I still have to stay in the gym, continue to work, and continue to prepare for the next game. I'm really tired of it, but I'm thankful to be able to have some shots fall for me today.

Q. Ryan, coming into this game could you have imagined having a performance like that where you beat the defending champions by about 30 points?
RYAN CLINE: Obviously, coming out hot and playing really well defensively was big-time for us. We were able to maintain that lead and basketball is a game of runs. And we stopped them from getting that big run.

Q. Carsen, you probably don't know this, but you now have the record for three-pointers for a game in this building. You beat Ray Allen. He had 8 against Miami in 1995. Does that make this performance tonight even more special to you?
CARSEN EDWARDS: Well, that's crazy. I didn't know that. That's crazy, and I'm blessed to be able to shoot the ball like that and be able to make threes like that. But I feel like the most memorable thing is just being able to make it back to the Sweet 16 and beating a good team like this, and I guess just playing well individually. But I'm just happy for my team, we still have a game to play for the season.

Q. Both of you, can you just address how important it was to have Matt do what he did early in the paint, and what that did for you guys on the outside?
RYAN CLINE: Yeah, I was obviously very impressed with Matt. He's already shown that he can do that, but he was rebounding the ball really well tonight. He was there on a lot of slips offensively. He was at the right place at the right time.

CARSEN EDWARDS: Yeah. Basically the same thing he said. Matt played well on both ends. To be able to protect the rim, but also rebound the ball, get some slips and get some easy baskets for us. Just playing hard and bringing energy was big-time for us.

Q. Coach, can you talk a little about the job Nojel, especially on his ankle, did and Eric Hunter on Booth?
MATT PAINTER: Phil Booth is obviously a very good player. We wanted to keep him out of the paint, and we also wanted to stop him from getting rhythm threes. He obviously got away from us a couple times. Nojel did a really good job. He's played well for us all season and has done a good job defensively.

And I was very impressed with Eric Hunter in these two games, to be able to play 12 minutes tonight, got close to 13 minutes, so really playing almost a full game and not turning the basketball over at all. That's pretty impressive in an NCAA Tournament game. Both of those guys played really well and played a great role for us.

Q. Matt, kind of the same question I asked Carsen about the frustrations of hearing about bad shooting nights and finally putting on a show like this. What's that like as a coach, and how do you see that in him and to see what he did tonight?
MATT PAINTER: You know, he's a very dynamic player. But he sometimes tries to find his way into a game by being a volume shooter. That's where he gets into trouble at times instead of letting things come to you. They're obviously very aggressive. They switch a lot of things. And so just trying to get into a rhythm and break people down when he has some mismatches.

I thought tonight with some of the size they put on him, he was able to get by them, but also dribble to where he can make some space and make some pull-up threes also. I thought he had a good balance tonight. Him coming in and out of a game a lot of times, he'll get into a rhythm, he'll get out of a rhythm. Tonight he really stayed into it and stayed on the hunt and really made some good decisions. I don't look at him in terms of his percentage and stuff.

I look at him more as just the decisions. He shoots a low percentage normally when he makes good decisions. When he makes good decisions, it takes cares of himself. He will have a couple outlier games, but for the most part it worked itself out. He's played a lot of basketball. You don't get really talented guys like him that stay for three years. He's got a lot of experience and he's going to his third straight Sweet 16.

Q. Matt, coming out of the halftime you had to figure they'd be ready to try to make some runs. You played greet defense. It was a 13-0 run coming out of halftime. What was the discussion at halftime, and what was the reaction to that.
MATT PAINTER: I think any time you start a half, whether it's the first or second half, it's that first five minutes. But now when you're up 19 points and it's so unexpected, there's no way you're thinking in your mind, like hey, this is going to happen against Villanova.

So we just thought they would be really aggressive, and try to double some things, double some ball screens, trap. We knew they'd pick up into their zone press, and we just wanted to execute. We were fortunate. I thought we played pretty good defense in that run, but they also pressed a little bit and had a couple good looks. It just didn't go down for them. We knew they would be aggressive and our guys were ready to play.

Q. Coach, can you just talk about what it means for this program and where you are on the map after three straight Sweet 16s?
MATT PAINTER: You know, it's hard to be consistent. Just trying to get better from an individual standpoint and develop guys and also understand kind of that role definition with your team. It's a hard thing to do as a coach to get everybody to buy in. It kind of just shows the character of our guys. They've really bought in this year. Everybody's played their role. To be able to have the consistency we've had within our league and also in the NCAA Tournament. You know you're greedy, as a coach, you never look at it that way. You look at it like you didn't advance further, you should have played better in conference play.

We're excited about going to the Sweet 16, but we want to do better. We want to do better for ourselves and for our fans.

Q. Matt, you said in your opening statement that this was the best game you guys have played this year.
MATT PAINTER: Yeah.

Q. And I'm wondering offensively or defensively, this is what offense can look like when it's firing on all cylinders.
MATT PAINTER: It's the balance. We have a lot of guys who can shoot the three, and sometimes we fall in love with the three. I thought tonight we had a really good balance. Not just Matt getting slips to the rim, but Carsen also driving the basketball. I think that's going to be important for us if we want to continue to advance.

If you get into a rhythm, that's one thing, to be able to continue to shoot the basketball. But if you struggle a little bit or the shots aren't falling, you got to find a way to the free-throw line. You got to find a way to the rim.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Ja, obviously a disappointing finish, but what has this 48-hour stretch been like for you with the triple-double and all of the buzz and hype around that that you've experienced?
JA MORANT: The experience has been good for me and my teammates. Being able to come in the tournament and get a win our first game and just prepare for this game, it's been great.

Q. This is for Ja and Shaq. I'd love to know -- this is clearly a season of incredible highs. When did you both realize this was a special season, not just a good season?
JA MORANT: I'd say since we all stepped foot on campus, getting to see what kind of team we have. We have a very special group. And since day one, we came in and worked and I felt like that's when I knew this would be a special season for us and it turned out good.

SHAQ BUCHANAN: He touched on when we first stepped on campus. We jell together and we didn't have to worry about bringing nobody in. We all was as one, and everybody just played their role. We knew that was going to be great for us. And we didn't have nobody stepping outside of their comfort zone.

Q. Ja, what's going through your head when you had the towel over your head and you know the season's about to end? Just walk us through the emotions of that moment.
JA MORANT: I'd say I was just hurt not being able to take the floor with these guys for the rest of this season, for another game, or possibly two, three, four. But it's been a great season. I really was just thinking back on what all we have accomplished this year. And I'd say I was more hurt by not being able to play with these guys for the remainder of the season.

Q. Ja, I'm curious, the first five minutes, I think you had three threes, a couple assists. Were you getting too winded out of the start. That's A? And, B, did you tweak your ankle, knee, in the first half there?
JA MORANT: At the beginning, I just got to my spot and stayed, was going under the ball screens, and I was able to knock down shots and make plays. I didn't get winded. I was just playing our type of basketball, was running the sets. Coach was calling for us and late in the first half, I was coming off a screen and one of the defenders just pushed me, and I went knee to knee with one of the players.

Q. Ja, what will you do as you sort of evaluate the next steps and the NBA and everything attached to that? How will you evaluate the right decision, your next move.
JA MORANT: That time will come. My focus is not on that right now. It's just celebrating what a great season we had with my teammates.

Q. Ja, I just had an opposing coach say they watched film and concluded you were unstoppable, but they respected the rest of your teammates almost like they were going to given you points, but you couldn't have another huge assist team. Did they give you different looks? Did they look like they were all over your teammates than maybe Marquette?
JA MORANT: Honestly, no. We took some great shots, but they just rimmed out. Obviously, if I pass the ball and a shot rims out, I can't have an assist. So that's the assist part.

I've been seeing a lot of defensive schemes all season. They just played great defense tonight.

Q. For both of you, it just sees even though not everything was technically a block, that their hands and arms were in every shot, especially the ones in the paint. Did you feel that way? Was it harder, Ja, for some of the passes that you found holes like against Marquette. Did their length kind of feel overwhelming at times?
SHAQ BUCHANAN: I feel it bothered us at first, but once we got used to it, we knew we had to finish with power, and we started doing and made a couple lay-ups.

JA MORANT: I'd say after our first offensive position, I got very comfortable. Really just seeing what type of defense they were playing, and really just was trying to get to my spots and make plays for me and my teammates.

Q. Ja and Shaq both. Ja, your fourth assist to Devin Gilmore on the hoop, you passed Don Mann all time in assists. Any thoughts on that knowing that you broke what was a four-year career in two and, Shaq, just your thoughts on that as well?
JA MORANT: Obviously, something good. I feel good about that, but it's assists. I wouldn't be able to get it without my teammates. Again that record goes to them.

SHAQ BUCHANAN: It's great for him. We knew we had to finish plays for him to be able to break that record. I'm happy he got it. Just another award for him.

Q. Matt, at what point in the season or before the season did you think that Ja could have the sort of performance that he's had so far?
MATT McMAHON: Really when we recruited him, we thought we had a very special talent. We were thrilled to get him. And his first day on campus, I think I talked about it after the Marquette game. We had a point guard Jonathan Stark who averaged 22-6 as a junior and was going into his senior year at the point guard position, and he walked in after the first day and said, hey, Coach, Ja's going to start for us from day one.

So we played the two point guard attack last year in Ja's freshman season, and he put up historic numbers last year almost 13 points, 7 rebounds, 6 1/2 assists. Then he's just shown great growth here this year, had a tremendous spring and summer. You see all of the talent and ability out on the floor and how he makes everyone better, but he's got some of those intangibles that really separate him. He loves to play. He's just a relentless competitor. He's tough and he's a winner. His growth as a leader this year was a big key in the success we were able to have.

Q. Matt, I'm curious if that tempo in the first half, is that how you wanted to play? Because it did seem as if your team got a little winded.
MATT McMAHON: We have to play fast. We've been top three in the country all year in scoring and transition. Ja's the most electric player in the country on the open floor. So, it really wouldn't have made sense, I don't think for us, to sit in the half court and try to grind out a game against Florida State. I thought those would be our best opportunities to score and score efficiently. But they did.

I know there's been some questions of Ja and Shaq. They impact everything around the basket. They are an elite defensive team. That's why they are top ten in the country in the stats that matter. We just weren't able to finish some of those plays around the goal. But I thought we got some good looks. But, again, credit to Florida State. They were just terrific today.

Q. Coach, how was it managing the outside world around Ja on campuses here with him being talked about being a top-three pick in the NBA?
MATT McMAHON: It's a great question. It was really easy. And I think it's because of the humility that Ja has. I think it's because of the great family, the support system he has in place, his parents back home and then his surrounding family, they really keep him grounded. And he's a winner. So he's about the right things. I thought he was able to really do a tremendous job of blocking out all of the noise and just staying focused on becoming the best player he could be. Growing as a leader, as I mentioned, and then really helping this become a very special Murray State team.

And I've said it before, I look back to when I was 19, I couldn't have done it. It's amazing the way he's handled it and just a great credit to him and his family.

Q. Matt, I wonder if you would be able to share with us what you said to him when you knelt down. He had the towel over his head and you, for a good solid minute, you were talking to him there.
MATT McMAHON: I just thanked him for what he's done, not only for our program, not only what a joy he's been to coach this season and through the whole recruiting process, but thanked him for what he's done for Murray State University. He's been an incredible ambassador for our school, for our community, and has really shined the light on the great tradition we have at Murray State.

Q. Coach, bringing it a little bit back to basketball, when Florida State opens by making 8 of its first 11 three-pointers, did that change anything for you guys from a defensive standpoint, or what do you do at that point when they're that efficient from behind the arc.
MATT McMAHON: If they shoot the ball consistently that well, they're going to be a tough out in this tournament. Some of them were some breakdowns on our part certainly, but they don't have many weaknesses. And I don't know if I should call three-point shooting a weakness, but if you go through the numbers, that's one of the areas where they aren't as good. And they just stepped up and blasted shots on us.

Like I said, the second half, we were better defensively. We're down 16 at that point, but then we couldn't keep them off the glass. They just dominated us on the glass in the second half.

Q. You took a lot of your starters out. We talked about Ja's emotions. What were your emotions as you were hugging your players?
MATT McMAHON: It's tough. You don't ever want the season to end, especially when you've had a special group like this. They've been very easy to coach, a very close-knit group. Going to practice every day, it's been a lot of fun, so you want to keep playing. It's tough. And you hate for it to end that way. I mean, we got whipped. That's the bottom line.

Coach Hamilton is one of the most underrated coaches in the history of the game. He's a Hall of Fame coach. He's won for a number of years. They got a great, great team. You hate for it to end that way. But again I told our team it doesn't take away from what we've been able to accomplish, not only this season but over this two-year run with guys like Shaq and Ja.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Terance, how could you describe matching up on Ja both on the offense and defensive ends. How personal was this game? You showed a lot of emotion on the court. How much were you feeling out there?
TERANCE MANN: I wouldn't call it a personal match-up or anything. I just brought the fight. What I did the night before was Google and YouTube Mike Cofer, my teammate's father who passed and just saw how hard he played, how much fight he gave on the field, and I just wanted to bring that with me. And I feel like that's what I did today. I played my heart out for that.

Q. What does it say about this team that you guys had ten different guys score, a bunch of people with eight or more points?
RAIQUAN GRAY: I mean, Coach Ham preaches 18 strong. That's who we are. We scored 45 points off the bench. That's the strength of our team. I came off the bench the majority of the season. With Phil being out, I'll be starting now. We just come in an bring energy. Everything we do falls behind. We get deflection stills and that leads to easy baskets. That's the main thing, come off the bench and bring the energy.

Q. Terance, I know you were tweeting out about Phil the last few days, fund-raisers, everything for his family. What type of person was Phil and what type of person is his father and how strong is the connection between you and him and his family?
TERANCE MANN: You know, Phil, he just brings a lot of energy. He's a funny guy, always up-tempo making us laugh as a team. He's that leader that we have. From the stories he told me about his father, they're the same. And he told me a lot of stories about when his father was playing and the stories that his father told him. And Phil embodies that and plays with a lot of great toughness just like his father, so you want to see Mike Cofer, you can look at Phil.

Q. For any of you guys, you made 8 of your first 11 three-pointers. How much did that change Murray State's defense, and how were you guys able to take advantage after that?
MFIONDU KABENGELE: I feel like going into every single game he played, teams try to stop our penetration. We do a really job at doing that. So when we knock down shots, it just opens the floor for everyone, and we go back to Florida State basketball. The guys who made shots, the guys who helped create shots did a really good job. Opened the floor for everybody, gave the guys a lot of confidence. Motivated us and we continue to get stops on defense. The way we knocked down shots that first half was essential for our success today.

Q. I wonder if all three of you could please give your impressions of Morant, seeing how it's different when you're on the floor with somebody than to see him.
TERANCE MANN: I just think he's a great player. He can score the ball at all three levels. He finds his teammates most of the time, and that's what's hard to stop him. You never know what he's going to do, if he's going to find one of his teammates or he's going to score the ball. He's a terrific talent and has a lot of the athleticism.

RAIQUAN GRAY: Like Terance said, he's a great player. Overall he's a great passer. He does a good job of getting his teammates involved and that was a key thing for them. Making that run and beating Marquette, he got his teammates involved and had 16 assists. He's a great passer and great player overall.

MFIONDU KABENGELE: For me, personally when I first saw him in the game of battle, he is extremely quick. He can use both hands really well. He does a great job getting inside and penetrating and creating offense for his teammates. He's an overall great player and he's one of the players that is really keyed on his passing compared to other guys I've seen. So overall, he's a great talent.

Q. Leonard, how could you describe Terance's game on both ends of court especially on the defensive end?
LEONARD HAMILTON: Like Terance said -- Terance and Phil were very close. We had a very emotional situation when we found out about Mike Cofer. And before we came on the road trip, Phil got worried that his father was not doing very well. And coupled with the injury that he had, we had to make sure he was okay. And I think that our team decided that we were going to dedicate the remainder of the season to Mike. And I thought that had a lot to do with the emotions that he displayed tonight.

You guys probably know a lot about Mr. Cofer. I've known him now going on four years, and you know the part of him, watching him play football. And everyone who knows him talked about his character, his toughness, and the energy that he brought to the game. But people don't know how tough he really was to have to endure the fight, and the courage that you had to have to fight the disease that eventually overcame him. And he never complained. Through all of the challenges that he went through, he stood tall, and he fought it with such toughness and aggressiveness.

And when you see the way Phil plays, the way he acts, the way he responds to challenges, you see Mike Cofer. And I thought that our kids tonight decided that's what we wanted to play for, something bigger than ourselves and bigger than the game. And I think that's why you saw our guys so focused and because the unit -- our guys have created a culture where they call themselves 18 strong. They're brothers. They're family. And I think that we feed off each other. And when one's hurting, I think that we all hurt.

And I think the night was in response to the respect we had for Murray State, but also the respect we had for Mr. Cofer and we wanted him to be happy with the way we performed tonight.

Q. Leonard, 44 points in the paint. I mean, you guys were able to just power the ball to the basket in the second half. I mean, it's pretty impressive when you think about it.
LEONARD HAMILTON: That's kind of who we are. We've had games -- we've had periods in every game where we played well and executed well inside. We've shot the ball well from the perimeter, but we have not consistently throughout the year put it all together. Even though we've -- what, I think we went 12 or 13 out of the last 15 games. We've been fairly successful, but we still have not put it all together.

And tonight I see that kind of coming together. I think the situation with Mr. Cofer, the excitement of the Big East Tournament, knowing you have to perform or you're going home, is kind of creating the atmosphere that our guys are really locked in now.

Q. One quick thing on Ja. I think he had four assists. I think he had one in the second half. Was that something of the game plan, so to speak? I know he had 5 threes, but did you want to sort of put it on the other guys to make shots and sort of let him get his?
LEONARD HAMILTON: The game plan was be solid on him and guard him as best you could. You saw we really locked him up in the first half that he had 18 points. We did a tremendous job. We held him down to 18 in the first half. He's just a talented youngster. But after watching all of the films, we really felt seriously that he has a good team. And we had to defend the other guys with the same level of focus that we were giving to him. And I think that made a difference in the game, the respect we had for the overall team and not wanting them to get their numbers. Because to be honest with you, I'm still not sure that we stopped Morant, and I'm not sure anybody can.

Q. You talked about the 45 bench points. Can you talk to how balanced your team is?
LEONARD HAMILTON: Well, that's who we are. You know, we've had nine or ten different guys lead us in scoring. Some people find that challenging and maybe a little unorthodox, but that's the way we have to play with the talent that we have in order for us to be successful and our guys have bought into that. We have a tremendous unselfish culture. Tonight Mfiondu came to me at least three times begging me not to put him back in the game because he wanted Christ Koumadje to gain confidence moving forward. Matter of fact, before I even asked him, he came up and said Coach, please don't put me back in the game. Let Christ play so he can gain confidence and move forward.

Last year when Mfiondu was playing well, I think we were playing in the Elite Eight, I tried to put Phil back in the game because Mfiondu was a freshman and he said Coach, he's playing well. Just let him stay in the game.

But we created that culture where the guys pull for each other. That's unusual in today's time when everybody's trying to get numbers to impress people. But we've created that type of culture on our team, and I think that's one reason why you see the guys playing together. They really feel that they're 18 strong, and that's the motivating factor, I think, behind the focus that we have displayed especially tonight.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Fletcher, just how disappointing to go 0 for 12 from three-point range?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I mean, it's incredibly disappointing. I feel like if I make three of those shots, we win the game. You know, a lot of them were good shots, and just -- they didn't go in.

Q. Can you put into perspective for us in terms of when was the last time you went an entire game missing a three-pointer?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I think I've done it a couple times this year. You know, sometimes you shoot the ball just how you think you're going to shoot it and it feels good and looks good and just doesn't go in. Just one of those days.

Q. Fletcher, can you talk to us about what Kentucky did defensively against you? Did they play you differently than the teams that see you all the time in the Southern Conference? What did they do defensively that caused you to go 0 for 12?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, they played pretty good defense as far as topping me and trying to deny me the ball and not come off screens and stuff. But a lot of schools have done that. A lot of teams have done that to me before, and we've found ways to get around it. Today we -- I feel like we got a decent amount of quality looks, and we didn't knock them down. I think some of it definitely was their good defense, and mainly a lot of it was just me being off my shot.

Q. Nathan and Matt, the idea that Fletcher is not having a good night, what were you guys doing that kept you in the game and made you think that you could have a chance to pull it out?
NATHAN HOOVER: I mean, we have such a great team and such great players. If there's a night -- everybody knows there's nights where one person can't make shots. But that doesn't mean we're going to drop our heads because what we can do every night is defend and rebound and play as hard as we can, and we did a good job with that, just sometimes -- it wasn't enough sometimes, but even though he wasn't making some of his shots, we still had the utmost confidence that he would make the next one because we've seen him do it all year, but sometimes it just doesn't work out.

Q. Coach, we spoke a little bit yesterday about the small-school narrative that they have going with you guys. What do you think this type of match-up does for the overall brand of Wofford moving forward? Do people know who you guys are now?
MIKE YOUNG: Yeah, you know, we have been fortunate to be here five of the last 10 years, and that's been remarkable. But to come down here this year with really a special team, with great internal leadership and really good players and to beat a very fine Seton Hall team, and then to come back, come back on Saturday and do it again against Kentucky, and we knew it. We knew it. And I think Coach knew it. We knew coming in that we had the look. We had what it took to find a way to win the game. That was the approach. It was always the approach.

Didn't happen for us today, but certainly this group, this team has done enormous things, great things for not only our basketball program but for our great college and for the wonderful city of Spartanburg. This has been all-timers, all-timers and such a treat to have been a part of it.

Q. This is for any of you. What is the biggest takeaway for you all from this match-up?
MATTHEW PEGRAM: I think we fought the whole game. Kentucky played a great game. We fought the whole time. We never gave up until the very end, just came up a little short.

Q. Fletcher, you and Tyler guarded each other most of the day, both of you played pretty good defense. What was that match-up like? How intense -- looked like you guys were even talking a little bit much trash here and there?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I think it was definitely a good match-up. I mean, both of us didn't play particularly well on offense, but we were going to compete, and I'm sure were motivated to not let the other one score. So yeah, I mean, it was fun going against him, but I just wish I could have played a little bit better?

Q. What kinds of things were said back and forth?
FLETCHER MAGEE: I don't know. I don't remember.

Q. Mark, did you come out of the halftime in the zone, or was it later than that?
MARK TURGEON: After my technical, so you can look it up.

Q. That's when -- do you think the turnaround was more due to the zone or did they kind of see that technical and respond to that situation and use it to their advantage to get a little bit more motivated after that?
MARK TURGEON: I think both, because we scored and hit a three, and then we got a steal and a layup. So it was a little bit of both, to be honest with you. But I think our zone slowed them down, kept the little guy out of the paint a lot until the end, and then I thought Bruno and Stix did a phenomenal job protecting the rim. We just didn't rebound well enough a few times. We gave them too many shots. But we rebounded better, and they're a heck of a rebounding team, and I think we out-rebounded them by eight. But the zone definitely helped us.

Q. In that last time-out, do you feel like Tremont was going to take it there? Jalen obviously took it very hard. How do you prop him up after that?
MARK TURGEON: Oh, Jalen was terrific. What a great game he had. What a great year he's had. No, we showed them exactly what was going to happen. We showed them middle ball screen for him. Kid just made a heck of a play. I wish we would have -- wouldn't have got around Jalen, and I wish if he did get around Jalen, Bruno would have pinned it on the glass, but it didn't happen that way. And they scored. But the players knew exactly what was coming. We all knew what was coming, it was whether we were going to be able to stop it or not.

Q. Anthony and Darryl, what do you think you can take away from this run? You're such a young team. What do you think you bring from this into next year?
DARRYL MORSELL: This is my first year here as a sophomore, so it was just a great experience to see, a great experience to be a part of. As a kid, I always grew up watching these type of games, these big-time games, so just to be able to be in it, it's a great feeling, and just to have all these young guys coming back and stuff, it's just going to make us hungrier.

Q. Coach, two, three times this year or maybe a little bit more, you went to the zone and it seemed to be really working. I know you're a man-to-man guy. Is your mind maybe changing a little bit?
MARK TURGEON: No, it's all stat driven. They shoot 31 percent from three as a team. That's low. So everything told us to guard that way. We weren't going to guard Belmont that way, obviously. And so we told the guys yesterday morning when they woke up, we're going to zone, don't know when, but we're going to zone. I would have loved to have done it earlier. I just kind of felt like we weren't putting any pressure -- our offense just wasn't good enough. But no, they knew we were going to do it. Guys like it. It helped us, but it's got to be the right situation.

Q. What was the message as you were falling behind and just could not get over the hump?
MARK TURGEON: What was my message?

Q. Yeah, was there --
MARK TURGEON: It was just like, come on, guys, we've got to play better. I was on them. Shot selection wasn't great at times. We were really searching in the first half. We went small right before half. Wiggins made some shots to keep it halfway decent. But I think once we cut it to five real quickly, we all thought we were going to win the game. We went up three. We all thought we were going to win the game. I never thought we were going to lose until the kid made the lay-up, to be honest with you.

I can't fault anything that we tried to do. Offensively we tried to go through Bruno, tried to go through Anthony, tried to go through Stix. We threw a lot at them. One thing I would like to change is maybe our free-throw shooting. We missed seven free throws. Front end a one-and-one, I believe, too, so that would have helped us. They were 14 for 16. If we would have shot 21 for 23 we would have won the game, but we didn't; we were 16 for 23.

Q. How to do in the moments after a loss, but if you can step back and think about where the program is in March of 2019 as opposed to the fall, how do you feel about it?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, I feel great. You know, the hardest part about today is I love coaching these guys. You know, we started at the summer, we went on a trip and we stuck together, and it was a grind. Our schedule was ridiculous, okay. We had eight of 11 on the road. It was a grind. And these guys, they kept trying for me, and we really pushed for this weekend. We really felt like -- I really pushed them for this weekend. I knew we were going to play good basketball this weekend because I pushed them in practice towards this weekend.

I just feel bad for them because they go through a lot, and they deserve better. I don't know how many shots rolled all the way in and rolled -- I mean, come on.

I never think my program is in bad shape. That's just my opinion. I always think we're in good shape. I always think we're going to win the next game, I'm going to get the next player. We've done some pretty good things. We'd like to do better, but I think we're in great shape.

Seven of our top eight were freshmen and sophomores, and we've recruited pretty well, some things will happen in the spring I'm sure that will add some pieces. You know, and we'll get even better. So I'm looking forward to coaching this group again next year.

Q. Mark, you said that LSU was the most athletic team in the country. Did you feel like your guys needed a little bit of time to adjust to that early in the game?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, it looked that way, especially around the rim. You know, and they had a good game plan against Bruno, and we only made them pay one time. Anthony hit the shot in the corner and I was begging our guys to do it for a long time. But I did think we got used to it. We got two pretty good athletes, too, in there. And we were able to get their guys in foul trouble throughout the game. We just didn't make enough jump shots. We had some open looks and some open free throws and Bruno had some lay-ups go out. Darryl had a three-point play I think that rolled out or somebody's lay-up went all the way in and went out. It was one of those days, and maybe we could have separated ourselves a little bit more, five or six, but yeah, they're big-time athletes, crazy athletes, and the point guard is terrific.

Q. Did you kind of have a feeling in your mind going into the last play that waters was going to be the guy that was going to try to do something, more likely penetration because you also got the chance of drawing a foul?
MARK TURGEON: Do I have to answer it again or can he look it up? I've answered it so somebody has got it.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Ashton, the job you and Tyler did on Fletcher Magee, can you talk about the challenge he presented and how well you played on him?
ASHTON HAGANS: We knew coming into this game he was a great shooter, so the game plan was just make him make a basketball play, put it on the floor. That's what we was trying to do. Tyler did a great job of talking to me when he wanted to switch, but you know, for us to be at our best, we've just got to talk and be for one another.

Q. Ashton, down the stretch you put the ball on the floor and penetrated and made some big finishes. Talk about that and your poise down the stretch.
ASHTON HAGANS: You know, when I was driving in the lane, they wasn't collapsing on me, so I just had a wide-open lane, so I took that. But even if they was, I would just kick it out and give my teammates the ball, and if I was getting to the line I was knocking down some big time free throws. EJ did the same, as well, and Jemarl make some big-time baskets and we just came out with the win.

Q. Just the defense on Fletcher --
JOHN CALIPARI: First of all, let me talk, you guys haven't asked Jemarl Baker a question, but let me just tell you, I said it after the game, we coach every kid like they're a starter. That's how they're trained, every one of these kids. And I keep saying, we don't know who's going to be a star. What he did today defensively, he made a basket or two and we needed them. What he did defensively meant he was prepared for this moment. Immanuel didn't play as well and he had been playing really well, but you know what, this happens. Today Keldon didn't play as well so we had to go and say, are you ready, and he's like, I'm ready. And so I'm proud of that, and it's hard.

I mean, these kids, I told you before, what they go through, what they hear, what's thrown at them, and staying the course, I just appreciate the kind of kids we have and the kind of families they come from.

I don't know what you asked me, but go ahead.

Q. Defense on Fletcher Magee.
JOHN CALIPARI: What we did was we were never going to go under any screen. The bigs were going to help as long as they had to. We hoped our length would bother them. But we also knew we were just as afraid of Hoover, and he goes 6 for 9, 4 for 5 from the three. We talked about one, but we said the other one is an assassin, too. He just throws darts out there.

Again, but it was the effort and energy, and my hope is they got a little worn down because these guys did not stop. They just chased, and they knew they couldn't let up in this game or they were going to score baskets because it's how they play.

Q. Cal, any relief in getting to the Sweet 16? That's what you're supposed to do.
JOHN CALIPARI: Who told you that? (Laughter).

No, here's what I would say to you: In this profession I'm in, if winning is a relief, it's time to retire. Now, I may not be showing it right now, but I danced in that locker room. I am ecstatic when my team wins, and when we didn't finish the game off like we normally have, maybe it's because PJ is not playing, but no, there's no -- I don't think that way, and I don't -- I just want my team in the hunt. I want them playing at their best. What I told them prior to the game, roll to your training, then you don't have to think about the moment, the other team, the NCAA -- just you know how we're training you, just play to the training, 40 minutes of unbelievable energy. If you're not there, sub yourself. I said, I know if you get subbed you think you're not going back in. We've only got eight guys. We can't even practice. So if you take yourself out, you're going to go back in. We don't have enough guys.

But it's hard because they don't -- if I'm on the floor, I may get another shot. We're just a bunch of young guys coming together. I do believe they're still getting better. I do believe that. Tyler didn't make shots today, and we still win.

What happened to us in the first half, there were no willing passers on my team. No one was a willing passer. An extra bounce, they would collapse defensively, they'd tried to shoot it anyway. They'd collapse and I'd go an extra bounce so now it made it hard. The pass is thrown to me, the guy is in the corner, I shoot it anyway. He's open. That was our whole first half. So hopefully we'll be able to break down the tape and say, going forward, this can't be you. I mean, they made us play the way they played. Give them credit. And if they hit a normal amount of threes, they'd probably beat us. Thank goodness they didn't.

Q. Coach, I know we mentioned PJ was out; how impressed were you with the young guys stepping up? Got off to a slow start offensively but they rallied back and fought hard.
JOHN CALIPARI: I was really impressed but I was happy for Nick. Every player you have, you know how hard they're working. You know what a good person they are, so you want them to do well, but you can't do it for them, and you can wish all you want, but at the end of the day, they've got to go in and perform. I can't build their confidence. They have to build their own confidence. Well, you take them out. Well, if they're not playing hard and they're not playing with great energy, then yeah, I will take them out. It's not about missed shots. You're going to have some turnovers, but if you're not competing, if you don't come up -- I had to take EJ out. There was a rebound late. That could have cost us the game. He let the guy run -- you're out. Well, you take me out. I'm trying to win the game. Get that ball, and we win this game. So there's things like that that I'm not going to budge on.

But happy for them.

I thought Ashton just has a will to win, and I come back, you see him make every free throw, and then you say to yourself, he should probably shoot perimeter shots better. Again, it's mental. Get in the gym more, build your own confidence, make a couple in the game, which he has this year. Last couple he's not made shots. He's got to get in this week and get ready for this weekend.

Q. I missed what you said at the beginning about Baker, but Hero and Baker, two guys you recruited, known coming in as shooters. Both played excellent defense today. Can you talk about their defense?
JOHN CALIPARI: Yeah, and I worried about putting Tyler on Magee, and I worried about it because I didn't want to wear him out because we need his offense because PJ is not playing. So we need to go to him and get him to make some baskets. But if he's running around with Magee, running in circles, running out, dribble hand-off, get being bumped, screen down, we'll do that, like every possession, do it 12 straight possessions. It's like being an offensive lineman in football. And so I worried about it, but he said, Coach, I'll be fine. Well, obviously probably took away from his shots and he missed some shots that we've all seen him make. But I've never been afraid to put Jemarl in because of his defense. Even his rebounding, he'll go after balls, just got make some shots. He or Immanuel, if they are making shots, like Immanuel is kind of taking a step back this weekend, we'll take a step up next weekend. You're going to get your chance. Get ready, get yourself mentally ready and go play. But our guard play was good defensively, shaky offensively.

Q. How did you have to adjust for the way Wofford was attacking you on the offensive and defensive glass?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, you know, what happened on a couple is that our bigs helped and we didn't crack down and they got some offensive rebounds. I believe we out-rebounded them 30 to -- yeah, we out-rebounded them by six, and we're a pretty good rebounding team. But offensively we were trying to get to the glass to get some tip-ins because we thought we could, and defensively you've got to fight like crazy because all of them from Jackson and all their other big guys, they attacked that glass.

Q. How important was it to have a guy like Reid Travis with his experience, with a stable presence at both ends of the floor? He's had a long career to this moment.
JOHN CALIPARI: He trained his whole life for this. Before the last game, I just told him, you've been waiting for this your whole life, and yesterday he was unbelievable, had eight of nine or whatever he did, 18 points, and today he did well again, and every time we needed a basket to separate, we were throwing it to him. And just once he didn't get something. Every other one was either a basket or a pass-out.

But let me say this, what a pleasure it's been to coach him. He is truly professional in how he deals with everything, from training to weight training to keeping his body right to being where he's supposed to on time. People that have come in my gym and watched us coach said that kid never takes his eyes off you. He is totally engaged with what you're saying. And I get on him, now. Like I'm on him like I am these young kids. I just don't have to as much because his is never effort. Theirs is always effort. His is never effort. It's like some other things he may do, and basically it's revert back some.

But it's been -- I've loved it, and I would say that what's -- he's helped us, but he's helped himself in this. He's really put himself in a great position.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Tremont, just describe the last play. Was it designed to do exactly the way it happened?
TREMONT WATERS: Yeah, we wanted to pretty much hold the ball, take the last shot and not shoot the ball too quick so they wouldn't have a chance to clear on the other end and put up a shot. So Coach Benford and the coaching staff and actually my teammates said they wanted me to take the shot, so we just held the ball out, Naz came and set a screen and I made a play.

Q. Tremont, can you just describe the feeling of being able to do that in that moment, and where exactly were you on the dog pile near the bench afterwards, and just what that feels like? You don't see a whole lot of dog piles in basketball.
TREMONT WATERS: Yeah, well, I was in the bottom of the dog pile, and just the feeling, it feels amazing. To have a great support system behind me and my teammates, my coaching staff, and all the fans that were here, to give me the confidence to go out and make a play like that is a very humbling feeling, and I'm going to continue to do everything I can to help this team win and just keep pushing for my guys.

Q. Tony, what went into the choice of having Tre being the guy on that last possession there?
TONY BENFORD: Well, it was a play that we run. We've run it a few times during the year. We knew against man and zone, especially against that three-two, we had to do a great job of screening that top guy, the three-two, and we told Naz, whoever is up there if they're in the zone, just screen that guy and put a body on him, and Naz did a great job and Tre -- and great players make great plays, and he made a great play.

Q. Naz, can you talk about your battle today with Fernando and Stix and what your relationship is with those guys off the court?
NAZ REID: Fernando, he's huge. The game plan was really good. Try to get him off the glass. If I don't get the rebound, at least one of my teammates will, and I mean, he's one big guy. It was really, really hard. And Stix, he's a tremendous player. We've played together, played against each other since seventh grade, so I've known him for a while. He played a great battle today, and I give props to both of them.

Q. With everything this team has been through, can you talk a little bit about what this means for you personally and for the team to get to a Sweet 16 after all this?
TONY BENFORD: Well, it's huge for these guys. They're the ones that paid the price. They've been through a lot. We know the story of adversity these guys have gone through, losing obviously Wade at the beginning of the year. We started and then obviously with Coach not being here with us. I give it to these guys. They have taken ownership of this team. It's about these guys. These threes guys here and the rest of those guys, they trust each other and respect each other, they love each other, and when you have a team like that, you have a chance to win games, and that's why we're able to keep moving on.

Q. Coach Calipari was mentioning the reason why the SEC got so many teams in and was doing so well is because of the number of close games everybody seemed to be involved in. You guys had seven overtime games this year, you had this game. Is there any end of game situation or any second half situation at this point that you guys feel like you can't handle?
SKYLAR MAYS: No, I won't say so. We prepare for it. The coaches do a great job of putting us in adverse situations in practice with the six-minute games that we do and we'll start the six minutes down seven, and usually when it applies to the game we're not in that type of situation where it's not as bad so we feel like we're prepared for it and we can figure out a way to win, and we've been able to do that this year.

Q. Naz, all the highlights, when this tournament is over and they play the One Shining Moment, it's probably going to show the move Tremont made to the basket to win the game. May not necessarily remember that Skylar made two free throws and knocked down a three, and he is the guy I hear is sort of the calming guy on this team. Can you talk about the five points he scored, the two free throws plus the three ball that kind of set the tone for what happened at the end?
NAZ REID: I mean, Sky makes plays like that per usual, so for us, it was like something we've seen every day. He's very good at it, and just keeping calm is something he does -- he keeps the coaching staff calm, the players calm. He's a calm player who can get through adversity and do anything he can do at any moment by doing that.

Q. Coach Benford, the first half it seemed like you guys were totally in control offensively, all of your plays and sets were going through. In the second half they threw the zone at you. How difficult was that to keep your guys' composure and take good shots down the stretch?
TONY BENFORD: Well, I thought we did execute. These guys did a great job of -- like I said, Coach Bill Armstrong had the scout and he did a great job of preparing those guys with the scouting report and we wanted to attack the paint, like I said earlier, and we wanted to push them in transition. The problem with pushing in transition is that we had to get rebounds and those guys are pretty tough to keep off the glass. But we were able to do that, Tre was able to get a great push, and we were able to get some easy baskets in transition so we were able to extend the lead. But I give Mark -- he made a great adjustment. We knew they were going to run the three-two and we had worked on it, but when you don't have but a day to prepare, it's tough. You've got to make shots. At the end of the day, I don't care what zone, you got to make shots, but we made a couple adjustments and Skylar made some plays for us.

Q. Tony, when they called the tech on Mark and you get two foul shots, you go up 15 and I guess a team can go in two ways, but Maryland seemed to make that a turning point for them. Is it interesting how that can work?
TONY BENFORD: No, I've been doing this 28 years at this level. I've seen it work. They did a good job of -- again, he changed his defense because they couldn't guard us in man. My guys were really executing. But I thought when they made the change, we got stagnant, didn't make shots, and they made shots and did a good job. So I give Maryland credit.

Q. When they went to that zone, you had a pretty good stretch there where you guys were just settling for deep balls there and there were a couple of time-outs in that stretch. Are you trying to hammer home in that --
TONY BENFORD: Yeah, good question, because the thing I told our guys, even man or zone, because we knew we talked about it before the game, that they run -- I don't care if it's man or zone or three-two, we've still want to attack the paint. And I thought we got away from it. Our movement wasn't very good. We called a couple plays out of the time-out and scored, but then I thought sometimes we settled too much. But at the end of the day, you've got to make shots, and we made the big one at the end.

Q. I think you only had six in the second half, but overall you outscored them 26-13 off the bench. Talk about the advantage that your bench gave you today?
TONY BENFORD: Well, we have eight starters. I think we have the best eight players in the country when you watch us play. We have eight starters. All those guys have been in the starting lineup all year. They've all made plays and really contributed. Bring Emmitt Williams off the -- he can start for anybody in the country. Darius Days, he can start for anybody in the country, Javonte Smart -- so we got eight starters and all those guys can make plays.

I knew Darius would play well. He didn't play -- we didn't play him -- it was our fault we didn't play him as much. We should have played him more and I told him to be ready and being here in Florida, he did a great job here in front of his family.

Q. Can you just talk about the personalities on this team? Obviously two big closers you saw there down the stretch with Skylar before that and Tremont now?
TONY BENFORD: I tell you what, I think Skylar Mays is one of the most underrated players in the country. We know what he does in the classroom, 4.0 student, scholar-athlete, but anyway, he's a heck of a player, too. I think because he's so smart, people forget how good of a basketball player he is. But he made some huge plays, and to do that -- Wayde Sims was like a brother to him. Those guys grew up, and he's -- I know Wade is watching over us. But then Tremont is just a player. I mean, he's a guy that makes plays, and I don't know how he got through that shot with all those big guys in there, and he made it, but the basketball gods were watches over us today.

Q. 5 and 2 in overtime games and two of the victories were against tournament teams, one of the losses, you split with Florida, which is a tournament team, and FSU, who's a tournament team. What makes these kids tough at the end of the game?
TONY BENFORD: That's a great question. We went 5-1 in the league and we played six overtimes in the SEC, the best league in the country in my opinion. I think what it is, it's the closeness of this group. They're not afraid of the moment. We sit there in the huddle, we do a three-minute game, we weren't playing as well as we needed to, and Skylar just said, Coach, Coach, we're going to be okay, we're going to win this game.

And so I just think that these guys -- we got multiple guys that can make plays off the bounce, then you've got Naz that can score inside, so when you've got guys that can make plays and believe they can go make a play any time regardless of the situation, it makes the job easier as a coach and you have a chance to win close games.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Tre, did you guys take a lot of satisfaction, people thought you guys were falling apart with the coaching situation? Did you take a lot of satisfaction in the way you guys performed and basically leading wire to wire in that game?
TREMONT WATERS: Yeah, I feel like our team is definitely gelling with everything that's going on. I feel like we're getting a lot closer together, and we're just going to take it one day at a time, like we've been doing. That game is behind us now and we've got to move forward to Maryland, and know we have to take it one day at a time, one play at a time and just do what we've been doing.

Q. Until you actually play somebody else from the SEC, did you take note of the fact that the SEC actually went 4-0 yesterday? Florida was a 10 seed and won. Are you rooting for the other teams, if you're not playing them, in the conference?
SKYLAR MAYS: I think we as players who went through the conference understand how tough the conference is, and I think it's good to see all these other teams do well and survive and advance, and I think it just shows how tough the SEC is. You know, we want the best for the league.

Q. Skylar, maybe you could address how has the transition coaching-wise worked in games? Are you hearing different voices? Do all the assistants have a ton of input? Logistically how is it working, how is it different?
SKYLAR MAYS: It's definitely different just hearing a different voice as the head guy, but I think Coach Wade gave all the assistant coaches somewhat of freedom throughout the year, so it's not foreign for us to hear Coach Heiar or Coach Armstrong outside of Coach Benford. I think these guys do a great job of listening to everybody and taking the big takeaway and applying it on the court.

Q. Kavell, Maryland has got a couple of big guys, almost two of them twin guys. How difficult do they look on tape to match up with?
KAVELL BIGBY-WILLIAMS: It's going to be a pretty good match-up. Obviously they're great players, and like I said, I'm looking forward to the match-up. I know they're physical, big, long, athletic, so it's going to be a good match-up, but I feel like me and Naz, we're going to be prepared for them.

Q. Tremont, when Will was coaching, he seemed to signal a lot of plays during the game and communicating with you a lot. Just from watching the last couple games, doesn't seem like anybody is doing that from the coaches. Are you doing a lot of the offense kind of on your own, what y'all have done all year? You're basically calling it?
TREMONT WATERS: Yes, obviously in the huddle Coach Benford and the coaching staff are giving us plays to run and just basically on the fly, either I'll call the play or Skylar will call a set just based on what we see. It's just a read that we make pretty much throughout the game, and if things break down, Coach Benford calls a play.

Q. Is that working well?
TREMONT WATERS: Yeah, as long as we keep winning, it's definitely working.

Q. Kavell, who did you think was the biggest, most physical SEC team that you guys went against this year? And is it going to be a similar experience to playing Maryland?
KAVELL BIGBY-WILLIAMS: I feel teams like Alabama, Florida are pretty physical, Mississippi State with all the big guys on there. There's a variety of teams that are pretty physical, but those teams were probably the ones that stood out the most to me.

Q. Tre, you had seven assists yesterday, you did a good job being a floor general. How important is it for you to lead the team and not turn the ball over?
TREMONT WATERS: Well, as a point guard I feel like that's my job. When we first started the season Coach Wade pretty much said that the ball is like the state of Louisiana, and if I turn the ball over, then it's not good for the state and obviously for our basketball program as a whole. That just goes to show that like we have to take care of the ball, obviously, if we want to win. So that's just my job. I believe I live up to it, and I'm going to continue to do that for my team because they deserve it and we deserve it.

Q. Back to Tre, you were talking about how you've taken over a little bit of the play-calling, but is it new that after a time-out that you break the huddle and then have your own little huddle as a team? Is that something new or is that something you've done all year?
TREMONT WATERS: No, we've pretty much done that all year. We pretty much go out after we hear the play called and the defensive schemes and everything and based off what Coach is saying, we go out and just say it again, so we keep it fresh in our minds, so we know what we're doing when the play starts.

Q. You guys shot a lot of threes. I know you're not playing Wofford, but have you seen Fletcher Magee shoot? And I wonder if you're envious of the freedom he has to shoot threes all day long.
SKYLAR MAYS: Wofford was actually the first team I played in my college career, so I'm very familiar with Fletcher Magee. And he's having an unbelievable season and accomplishing great things. I watched them yesterday, they beat Seton Hall, so he's a terrific player.

Q. Skylar, have there been points in games like this last game where y'all's lead went down a little bit and then Florida where you lost the lead where you were thinking, I wonder what Coach Wade would do at this moment or what he would do at that time?
SKYLAR MAYS: I think all the way throughout the game, I try to think what would Coach Wade do, not just when things get a little hectic. But there's not really a game that I can remember where we had a big lead and we got back close and we were able to pull it out. I think the Florida game we had a good lead and it got away from us.

But that's something that we definitely have to do a better job. The great thing about us is that we're able to get a big lead in the beginning and now we just have to work on sustaining it.

Q. Kavell, the match-up with the front court is going to bring a lot of attention. What have you seen out of the two bigs, and then how important is it for you guys to get quality minutes out of Emmitt and Darius in a match-up like this?
KAVELL BIGBY-WILLIAMS: It's important because they're physical bigs, well skilled. They can post-up and make plays inside the post and also on the perimeter. Having those other guys come in to bring minutes is going to help us a lot.

Q. Tremont, you had a great first half and then kind of in the second half it tailed off a little bit. What changed, and how do you put together a full 40-minute quality game?
TREMONT WATERS: Well, yeah, obviously going into the game we had a great game plan, and as the game went on, we kind of slowed down in transition, and I feel like that was our biggest letdown. For me I wasn't pushing the ball as much as I should have in the second half, and I feel like shots just weren't falling, so that was it.

Q. Coach, the SEC went 4-0 yesterday. Five years ago, four years ago they only got three teams in the tournament; last year eight; this year seven. Yesterday's games 4-0. What would you say the state of this conference in basketball is right now?
TONY BENFORD: Well, it's a tremendous league. I think that's a testament to it right there, going 4-0. I've been coaching a long time and been in some great leagues. I was in the Big East when they sent 11 teams to the tournament that one year where UConn won it. I think our league is comparable to any league in the country and similar to that league back in the day, where every night you have to come out and play great basketball.

I attribute it to great coaches, got great players and got great environments. Every gym, every arena you go to, you're going to play in front of a sellout house. So I think it's just a tribute to the great players and great coaches and great fans in the SEC.

Q. Just got out of the locker room, and Skylar pointed out it doesn't show up in the stats sheet, but when Emmitt dove into the media row in the front row, he just gave his entire body; didn't care. He didn't get the ball, but it almost said it kind of fired up the team, Skylar said. What do you see from Emmitt and also the team that they'll give everything, break a body bone, whatever it takes for LSU?
TONY BENFORD: Yeah, Emmitt brings a toughness to us. You talked to him, he never shuts up. But no, he's got a great personality, and that's his game. That's his role on this team. He's going to do all the intangibles, and he's going to get all the 50/50 balls. He's going to take charges and he can finish at the rim. He's just a great teammate for these guys. He's great to coach. I love coaching him, and he's always got a smile on his face, and we're very fortunate to have him.

He needs to play well tomorrow because he's going against some grown men tomorrow.

Q. Tony, you've been in this game most of your life. You're sitting in the chair you are now because your boss was accused of paying a player potentially. Do you believe that college basketball players should be paid?
TONY BENFORD: That's a good question. I mean, I think this thing is -- changing rules have made a lot of changes to try to help them as far as giving them different stipends and things, to try to help the athletes because some of them come from tough environments. I mean, I'm kind of on the fence on that. I'm not leaning one way or the other, but I want to make sure we take care of the athletes. I think you have to make sure they have everything they need to be successful, and I think we're trying to do that through the different stipends that they're getting right now.

Q. The team had its doubters coming into the tournament. Did you sense that that motivated your players, and did you feed into that at all to keep them motivated?
TONY BENFORD: Well, the thing I really preached to these guys is they know we can only control what we can control, and that's just getting better every day with our preparation, our focus. There's no doubt they had an edge to them because obviously they know the noise is out there, but I've tried to -- just got to keep blinders on and have tunnel vision and focus on the task at hand and that's to prepare like we were preparing for Yale, that's the task to prepare for Maryland, a very quality Maryland team.

That's what we try to do, just try to stay in the moment right now.

Q. What particular challenges does Maryland pose for you tomorrow?
TONY BENFORD: Well, first of all, I think Mark is a great coach. He does a tremendous job. When you look at their numbers, especially on the defensive side, they do a great job. They're one of the top teams as far as scoring defense and field-goal-percentage defense and one of the best rebounding teams in the country. You look at Bruno, I think he scares you once you look at him. He's really good, a good player. Then Smith is playing really well, and Anthony got a great quality point guard.

But what it's going to come down to I think it's very simple: It's going to be who wins the paint and who wins the rebounding battle. I think it's going to be that simple. They're really strong in the paint and we're pretty strong in the paint, and we're good on the glass and they're good on the glass. I think the point guard play is going to be huge. Tremont and Anthony, that's a great match-up. So I think it's going to come down to that, paint and rebound, who plays best at the point guard position.

Q. I know you've said a few times that all the assistant coaches and you are helping a lot. Which coach would you say during the game is working most with the offense and with Tremont?
TONY BENFORD: Well, I pretty much cover, do most of the offense, okay. Coach Heiar really concentrates on the defensive end, and then Coach Armstrong he'll handle our substitution. It depends on the game. Like tomorrow's game against Maryland, it is Coach Armstrong's scout, so he'll do a lot of defensive stuff for them and then handle the substitutions, too, and Coach Heiar will help him with that.

So we kind of do it by committee. One thing with Coach Wade, he delegated that, too, even when he was here, we split our scouting reports for different opponents and whoever had that scout had a lot of input on the game plan, on what we're to run offensively and what we do defensively.

Q. But Tremont is doing more himself, right, than when Coach Wade was here?
TONY BENFORD: I would say probably a little bit more because Tremont -- we trust Tremont because he knows -- not only Tremont but Skylar, too, with those guys as far as they have a feel sometimes on what to run. I'll may make a call to run this, and if he sees something else, he can change the call. I have no problem with that because we trust him with the ball.

Q. Follow-up to that, how does your prep change now that you have three coaches working on it instead of four?
TONY BENFORD: Well, that's a good question. We have not changed a whole lot, okay. One of the things we tell our players is to narrow our focus. We have to really concentrate. What we've done again as far as our scouts, Coach Heiar had Yale, Coach Armstrong has got Maryland, so he'll lock in on that, and then myself, like we all look at tape regardless of who we play, the upcoming opponent, the coaches, we all evaluate tape. So I've looked at Maryland about four or five games and I have a pretty good feel for what they do offensively and defensively and different tendencies and stuff like that, so we're doing it by committee.

Q. Tre had a great first half and then kind of tailed off in the second. How do you bring out a full 40 minutes from him of quality basketball, and is that something you stress to him going into tomorrow night against a tough point guard like Cowan?
TONY BENFORD: Yeah, good question. I think with Tre, I really thought he was focused. Not only Tre but I thought all our guys were in the first half yesterday. We talked about it as a staff and we talked to Tre about it. I think going on out in the second half, we've just got to kind of stay aggressive. I thought he was a little bit passive in the second half. We want him to stay in that attack mode, and that's what he's got to do. I thought he pushed the ball in transition. He was very aggressive in transition in the first half. The second half I didn't think he was as aggressive, and we wanted to be more aggressive. And we may try to run some different plays for him to try to get him going.

Q. Picking on a couple of questions ago, how did the division of labor change without Will? How much does each guy have to do more of to make up for it?
TONY BENFORD: Yeah, well, I think the one thing is -- one thing with our staff, we've all got a great relationship with our players and we spend a lot of time with them as far as that. Spend a lot of time with them as far as the responsibilities of the scouting reports, like we say, and preparing for the next opponent, we're all doing that. One guy may have the opponent and then I -- we all are doing that.

As far as going back to the game plan, as a head coach I'll try to prepare that game plan and be more detailed in exactly what we have to do, and I try to do that as a head coach.

Q. I just want to know, how well do you think the team is adjusting to your system currently?
TONY BENFORD: Well, it's not my system. I haven't changed a whole lot. That's the one thing I learned when I became the interim, keep it the same, keep it the same because there's no reason to change it. We went 16-2 winning the SEC, so there's no reason to come in here and say, hey, I'm going to run my offense and stick my chest out. It's all about these players, so I've kept everything the same.

We have the same playbook. Everything is the same as far as what we've doing and as far as sets what we're running offensively and what we're doing defensively. And like I say, Coach kind of delegated a lot of stuff to our guys, so the other coaches are really helping in that preparation, too.

Q. You talked about the paint match-up being key; can you just give us a little bit more on Kavell and Naz and what kind of players they are and whether they're ready for it?
TONY BENFORD: Yeah, that's a good question. There's no doubt I think Kavell is our most experienced player obviously, and he's had a great year. I mean, he has improved a lot. He sat out last year. Transferred from Oregon and stood out. He's gotten bigger and stronger and he's one of the best shot blockers in the country and he's gotten better offensively. You saw last night he made a great play against Yale where he blocked a shot, he ran, got a lay-up on the other end. And that's what he's got to bring, that energy that rim protection he's going to really have to bring it tomorrow and really defend his position and hold his ground, especially against Smith and Bruno.

And then Naz has been great to coach, guys. I mean, like I say, he's in great shape. He's smart, very smart player. He's got a great skill set, play inside, outside, and he can rebound the basketball. So he's got to do a great job defensively on Bruno or Smith and then we've got to have him score in the paint and also be able to make some jump shots for us tomorrow.

Q. Does he have a green light to shoot?
TONY BENFORD: Pretty much. We'd like to corral that. I like him to shoot close to the basket sometimes, a lot more, so we talked about that.

Q. How much harder would this be if you didn't have a point guard as mature and trustworthy as Tremont?
TONY BENFORD: That's a really good question. It would be a lot more difficult. Because the thing with Tremont, guys, is as a coach sometimes you get in your players' way, and some coaches do that. I think when you have a guy -- the better your players, the less sets you have to run offensively.

You've got to trust him because he can go make plays. Sometimes he throws the ball somewhere you didn't want it to go, but he's going to be aggressive and he's going to make the right decision the majority of the time, so he makes it a lot easier.

Q. For guys like Naz and Kavell, this match-up, how much is on the line for them to really show out on a huge stage against two talented front court guys like this?
TONY BENFORD: Well, they've played against some quality big guys in the SEC. PJ Washington is pretty good. He's a pretty good player. Grant Williams, Schofield, those guys are good players. But it's important because if we don't win, we go home. So this is the most important game of the year for us, and they understand that. There's no more tomorrows. We've got to play well tomorrow or we go home. But I think our guys will be ready to play, and we're looking forward to the challenge.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Nick, I've got a nice easy question for you: Coach Cal has obviously recruited New Jersey really well in recent years, you, Karl Towns, Isaiah, he's got Kahlil Whitney coming next year. What does that say about the talent level in New Jersey? And have you given Kahlil any kind of words of wisdom about coming to Kentucky?
NICK RICHARDS: I mean, I played with Kahlil in high school. I played against him a couple times. He's pretty athletic, pretty aggressive dude. New Jersey overall in basketball is kind of taken over from the tri-state area. You can probably say the high school league from the tri-state area is New Jersey basketball. That's where all the best teams are. That's where all the best athletes are.

Q. Talk about Cal getting the best players out of New Jersey.
NICK RICHARDS: Honestly, I think just overall recruiting that Coach Cal has done throughout the whole entire country, not just New Jersey, has been really great. He knows what he wants. He recruits good players, and he gets the players that he wants.

Q. Immanuel, you were a five-star recruit. How different is this stage playing in the tournament? Is it more pressure for you? How are you taking it?
IMMANUEL QUICKLEY: I don't really see it as pressure. I played in some pretty big games throughout any whole life. McDonald's game was pretty big, state championships. NCAA Tournament doesn't compare like a state championship, but I've been preparing for this my whole life, and it's been a great time being a part of this.

Q. When the bracket was released on Sunday and you saw that Wofford was a potential round-of-32 match-up, what was your reaction when you saw it?
JEMARL BAKER JR.: I didn't really have a reaction. It's our job to get out on the floor and play as hard as we can and win, no matter who we come up against, and that's what you have to do to win a National Championship. The teams that we saw, that didn't really matter to me.

Q. What limited film you may have watched so far on Wofford, just wanted to get your impressions of Fletcher Magee and whether you've seen a three-point shooter who seems to be so willing to contort his body to get tough shots in the smallest of openings and make them with really an uncommon regularity, what your thoughts are when you see him?
IMMANUEL QUICKLEY: I think what makes him such a good shooter is he has a lot of confidence. He also has a really green light, so when you've got that green light, you know you're going to make some and you're going to miss some. He lives with it, he's a really good player, and we've just got to be ready for all that.

Q. Early on in the year, the three-point defense was not one of your best things that you guys had. Was there a moment this year where the defense really started to click because Cal was really tough on you guys the first month or so?
JEMARL BAKER JR.: I think throughout the year we just have to focus on the little details of like getting through screens and things like that and they emphasized defending the three the whole year. In order to -- they just taught us in order to win games you're going to have to really buckle down and be able to defend the three, because there's a lot of teams that can shoot the three.

Q. Immanuel and Nick, you guys, ever since Jemarl showed up on campus, we've been told he's one of the greatest shooters in the history of mankind. Can you describe to us how great he is?
IMMANUEL QUICKLEY: Great question. Jemarl is a great player, not only as a shooter, he locks up on defense. He's a really good teammate. He's my roommate, so he's even a better person. But what he does for our team is great, and he's going to continue to do great things for our team.

Q. Nick, Wofford doesn't start anyone that's taller than 6'9". How big of an advantage is that for you, EJ and Reid?
NICK RICHARDS: It's a really good advantage for us. They're not really as athletic as all three of us. Their bigs are really skilled around the basket, they know how to move on the floor, but we're just better than them overall, I think, so the advantage is our way, in my opinion.

Q. The SEC went 4-0 yesterday. Tennessee looks like it's going to win right now. The only loss right now is Ole Miss and Mississippi State is playing tonight --
JOHN CALIPARI: Did Ole Miss lose? What was the score?

Q. Not real good, but the SEC has won five out of six games so far. Could you comment on the state of the conference in this tournament so far?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, we had so many close games in our league, games that were down to the last two minutes. And you know, it just toughened every team up. So like you're looking at a bunch of teams that have walked in, and they're good. Our league is really good. We got seven teams, probably should have had eight. When you see it -- and I'm disappointed for Mississippi because they had a heck of a year. I mean, they literally had a heck of a year, and I don't know why that would have happened. I mean, terrific guards and athletes, and then Mississippi State is going to play tonight. Who do they play?

Q. Liberty.
JOHN CALIPARI: Hmm, they're good, too.

Q. As you watch film on Wofford last night, not just about their three-point shooting overall as a team but Fletcher Magee in particular, could you talk a little bit about how he seems to not even be fazed about contorting his body to take shots that other players wouldn't be comfortable taking? And is there anybody he reminds you of in any way?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, first of all, you've got to give it to Coach Young who says, you have the green light, now respect it, and I'm going to take some of these because I know you're going to make some. Then I heard that he is absolutely in the gym hours on end shooting those shots that you're talking about, that he's in that gym, which is why the coach says, all the time you're in there, and that's the shots you're taking, you deserve to be able to do it in a game.

You try to tell a young team like mine, this isn't football. It's not a touchdown, so don't foul. Make it hard. He's still going to make some of them. Make it difficult for 40 minutes. He's still going to make some of them. When I watched the tape last night, the tapes, and this morning, just a well-coached -- offensively they do what they need to do to win and they play in a way that they have to play, their dribble hand-offs. I mean, Jackson from -- I watched the game early in the year, and then I watch them now, so much better. They said Nick was in there saying that our bigs are quicker -- what are you doing, Nick? But that's okay, because like if you speak, now what? You back it up. So I love his confidence. Now I want to watch you do it. Now get out there and do it, if you think that.

And I want Nick to be more confident. Not like that, but on the court, more confident.

Q. The follow-up, does Fletcher Magee remind you of any other three-point type of shooter?
JOHN CALIPARI: You know who I saw in him and how he played? I thought -- and the closest I could get to him is how I used to play (laughter), which is I just used to shoot every ball like that. And I thought, you know, I saw myself doing those kind of things, and I know I was rated 41st -- there were 40 college coaches better than me as -- I'll go one-on-one right now; let's go. You've got guys older than me that said they were better -- come on. I'm just kidding. Come on.

Q. Reid Travis had 18 points, nine rebounds yesterday. We talked about Nick came off the bench, eight points, four rebounds. How big are those two guys going to be?
JOHN CALIPARI: How about EJ had 11 rebounds? I mean, he played well. And it's another game that we're going to have to do that. But look, they've got athletes at the 4 position, and that's if I'm calling Jackson a 5, which I don't know if he is, that really are long and active and go after it.

They've got their four or five guards who are 1s, 2s and 3s and they've got five of them that score, a couple of them drive a little bit better, a couple of them shoot. But they're going to take 25, 26 threes in this game. I don't care what we do, they're going to take them, and if they're spinning in the air and they're going in, it's a tough night. I just don't want us to foul them. And so contest.

Now, the one thing that we do have is we're long, so we can contest without fouling because of our length. But again, the year -- I called this, I knew we'd be playing this team, and my team knew, because I told them before, we would be playing Wofford because you and I know how hard this game will be, especially with PJ out, how hard a game it'll be for us.

I don't think there's any, like we're a favorite. Come on now, this team is legitimate in every form and fashion, including defense, including toughness, including veteran play. Yesterday we started four freshmen. So...

Q. You said PJ out there; is that a official, and do you have any other update on him?
JOHN CALIPARI: Yeah, I just can't -- what they're going to do at some point is cut the cast off and say how -- they just thought it would heal faster. I know there's all this, it's a conspiracy. I'm telling you, it was negative in every X-ray, MRI. We even did an RIM. It's sprained. But we just -- and you guys that know me know that I'm overly cautious because it's these kids' careers, and I get it. I know this, he really wants to play, but I also want to feel comfortable that if he gets on the court that there's nothing he can do to himself, and the doctors have pretty much said that. So it's just, okay, when is it healed enough that he can go.

Q. Obviously your biggest priority here is Wofford, but you also put a lot of guys in the NBA and you've made that a priority. How much can guys like Keldon and Tyler help themselves going forward by playing well in this tournament? And have you ever had a guy really kind of help his stock with a big NCAA Tournament?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, I've had a bunch of guys do that. But it's not just our guys, it's everybody. These kids are all being evaluated this three-week period. Believe me when I tell you, it overrides anything that's happened all summer. I can remember the kid -- I think it was -- he played for Gary Williams at Maryland, and he wasn't thought of as a player that was going pro, and he went on an unbelievable run in -- I'm forgetting his name right now, in the NCAA Tournament, and he ends up being a top-10 pick, and he wasn't a guy that was even on the board that they were thinking about.

And I just say this for all these kids, and that's why I respect these kids, because not only is the tournament there, the National Championship there, their own being and their own family and all this stuff that these 19 -- my guys are 19-year-olds, have to deal with. I tell my guys, I tell them all the time, I respect you guys so much, and then you have like social media and you have the clutter and you have the lists and you have all the other stuff, and they've got to block all that out and play. It's not for funsies. It's for real.

So that's why this tournament is what it is. You just don't know. We want to say, well, we know that team is -- you don't know. This is hard for these kids.

Q. You didn't complain quite as much this year when the brackets first came out, and now CBS has given you two relatively decent start times. Do you think that the paranoia of the world against John Calipari may have been ratcheted down a little bit this year?
JOHN CALIPARI: I'd just say is it paranoia if you turn around and a guy is chasing you and you can see the knife? I'm not sure that's paranoia. You just run like hell.

I'm not -- I've never -- that's not true. (Laughter).

Yeah, I'm not worried about it. I think as I get older, I could care less. My give-a meter is I just don't care. We go on and do what we do. The crazy thing it's never really had an effect on me, on my programs. It just hasn't. And maybe they've figured out, "Eh, forget about him, we're not hurting him, let's go hurt somebody else." I don't know, but -- pretty dumb question, though, John. (Laughter).

Q. Yesterday you were talking about dealing with injuries and especially a short bench, and with the game in such quick turnaround like it is now, you mentioned conditioning and how important that is, how much of an advantage do you think that is for your team, especially in a game with such a short turnaround?
JOHN CALIPARI: Any time you're trying to play eight guys it's really dangerous. Anything that happens, you're down to seven. Another thing happens, you're down to six. What if the six are not the right six? So it's really dangerous what we're doing and it could come back to bite us, but guess what, we have no choice. I tried to trade for some guys but we just couldn't get anybody, so this is who we have.

Like today, we went pretty hard and really got them to focus, and I was on some guys because I thought they weren't -- the energy they needed, they didn't have, and the reason is because you've got to fall back on your training. You play to your training, and if you've trained right, you can do that for 40 minutes, and this thing is about playing for 40 minutes, staying focused, staying engaged for 40 minutes of basketball when the other team is trying to do the same thing.

And then you may play a team that shoots 25 threes and shoots some of the worst threes and they go in. That could demoralize you. And then all of a sudden you're looking and they're back-cutting and they're coming off dribble hand-offs, and they're making -- it is what it is. I mean, at this time how can you stay focused on us.

I know how good Wofford is. I know. I've watched them, and I know their league -- their top 4 teams in that league, I hate to tell you, all four should have been in the NCAA Tournament when you think about who was in their league. But Coach Young, the job he's done with this team, he's been there 17 years, and to put this together and he's a 7 seed. And to come from outside the Power Five and be a 7 seed, that's a big deal. It's a big, big deal.

Q. Just in terms of recruiting, had you ever heard or seen of Ja Morant on the summer circuit or anything? And when is the first time you kind of became aware of him because he kind of snuck through the cracks there.
JOHN CALIPARI: I hadn't, but I'm not like I was as an assistant where I knew every player. I don't. I know who we're recruiting. So no, I didn't, but what a run he's having, and how good is that for Murray. And I don't know if you know the story, that he committed to Murray, and when everybody figured out how good he was, some other Power Fives tried to jump in there and say, we're offering you a scholarship, and he says, nope, I'm going right to these people. They were there, they've been there from the beginning, and what a great story, and what a great thing for Murray.

He's a terrific player now. Oof!

Q. You mentioned a team could take a lot of the worst threes you've ever seen and they go in and it demoralizes --
JOHN CALIPARI: If they take 25 there will be about four of those, maybe five, that you say, wow. And then I hear he practices them. He does. So how bad is it if it's a practiced shot? I had Jamal Murray who used to shoot left-handed, falling down. Why would you do that? "Because I can make it." And I think this kid is exactly the same way. Why did you take that? "Because I thought it was going in."

I mean, I don't think he shoots one shot that he doesn't think he's making. Is it a bad shot? Maybe you think so, but in his mind, he doesn't, and you know who else doesn't think it's a bad shot? His coach. Where was he when I was playing? (Laughter).

Q. One of the reasons we love you so much is because of all the --
JOHN CALIPARI: Yeah, you just love me.

Q. All the buzzwords --
JOHN CALIPARI: Everybody here love me?

Q. All the buzzwords and the catchphrases that you throw out to us during the course of the year. One I've really been intrigued by is the idea of the players conquering themselves. That almost sounds spiritual. Where does that come from, and how do you think the players have done in terms of conquering themselves this year?
JOHN CALIPARI: Before you can conquer someone else, you've got to conquer yourself, and I say it all the time, a lot of it means conditioning, a lot of it means pushing through comfort. A lot of it means don't drink that poison when you're flattered. "You're so good, you should be taking more shots. You're better than so and so, why aren't you shooting -- when he shoots, he's fine, when you shoot, you come out if you miss." Do you drink that poison? Because if you drink that poison, you can never conquer yourself because you already have built-in excuses.

And so for these kids to conquer themselves, to be in the best physical and mental condition in their lives, to master their craft -- are you in the gym? Are you mastering your craft? "Well, I should be able to miss five straight shots." No, you shouldn't. Especially if they're open. They just talked about Villanova making 7 of 8 uncontested shots. That's why they won. They were uncontested. Well, when we're uncontested we think we should be able to -- well, I don't have to make every one. Well, how about making almost all of the uncontested ones and missing some others.

All that conquering you, knowing that you're responsible for yourself, knowing you own your performance. You own that. That's conquering yourself. And if you can't conquer yourself, you're not conquering anybody else.

And we as a young team all the time, that's -- you've got to be able to understand you're not in great shape. You're not focused right now, you're not engaged right now because it's really hard to be that guy. But that's where you conquer yourself. So yes, we're -- there's a lot of stuff that we have to give these kids to think about because it moves pretty fast around here.

Q. Darryl, you hit some big shots down the stretch; how was it important for the team and for your confidence moving forward in the tournament?
DARRYL MORSELL: It was big. It helped my confidence moving forward, but these guys also gave me confidence throughout the game. At the beginning of the game I was missing some layups and stuff. Defensively I was struggling against the kid on Belmont, but these guys kept me confident, and it helped me, and that's why I had success in the later parts of the game.

Q. Darryl and Eric, you're big men, you two guys will match up against Naz and Kavell for them --
ERIC AYALA: It's definitely going to be a battle in the paint. I think our guys are ready for the challenge. I don't think maybe we've faced a team with that kind of interior presence this year. It's going to be a fun being able to see how well our big men match up against theirs, and the best shall prevail to the end.

Q. Darryl, in terms of finding a comfort zone and finding your role this year, how hard is that to do when you don't necessarily have a designated position?
DARRYL MORSELL: I really don't think it's that hard. At the end of the day, it's basketball, something I've been playing my entire life. So whether I have to play point guard for a possession or if I have to play power forward or whatever I've got to do to help the team win, that's kind of my role. My role is to be that guy who can play multiple positions, guard multiple positions, score and stuff like that just to help the team win.

Q. Just to follow up, you had a meeting beginning of the year with the coach, I think after the first game, and you had a normal conversation with him later in the year talking about turnovers, and since then I think you've committed one turnover in like four games. I don't know if the timing of it is exactly that, but what do those meetings with Coach do for you in terms of how you can sort of refocus and get an understanding of what is expected?
DARRYL MORSELL: Coach kind of talked to me about being a leader. We've got a young team. I'm a sophomore, but I'm one of the older guys on the court most of the time. So rather than just leading with my voice, he wanted me to lead more by example, which I kind of focus in on protecting the ball, trying to defend as best I can, and just stop trying to make like the home run play and stuff like that, and just have confidence in my guys. I'm just trying to lead by example and just help the younger guys throughout this process.

Q. LSU is a team that wants to turn you over, get out in transition. You all have been doing better with turnovers recently coming off a season low. How do you keep that up and keep the ball in the half court?
DARRYL MORSELL: Just continue to do what we're doing. Slow down, let the game come to us. We've improved in the double-team in the post. Our guards, we're getting older, we're getting more experience. We done seen pretty much every defense throughout the year, so just with this experience and just improving in the double-team and stuff, that's why I feel like we've found our success, and we've got to continue that.

Q. Eric, talk about Darryl and -- he talked about his toughness, and how does that translate to guys like Stix, who sometimes can be passive, and just sort of giving the team more of an identity that way?
ERIC AYALA: Of course Stix and Darryl have played together throughout high school, and I'm pretty sure they look to each other as far as like comfortability out there on the court, just being around each other and knowing that they've got each other's backs. But Darryl is somebody I look to as far as being that tough guy out there. He carries that mentality on and off the court, and it spreads throughout the team. When we need it, it's brought, and it's a key thing for us.

Q. Darryl, you and Bruno came in as a much smaller freshman class and are now the leaders. What did you guys learn that year and how have you guys helped lead this younger group?
DARRYL MORSELL: Last year me and Bruno played a lot as freshmen, so we seen everything. We seen tough environments, like in road games. We seen great teams. We played against a lot of great teams last year. Just through that, we just learned. We just learned, gained knowledge. So coming into this year, we've prepared for everything. We knew what to expect. We knew how to approach the off-season and stuff like that. And just our approach rubbed off on the younger guys. These guys came in hungry, every single one of them, and they've done well, and I just hope they continue their success.

MARK TURGEON: Obviously we're excited. We were excited yesterday sitting up on this stage to win a game, and just to be a part of a game like that yesterday where the atmosphere is terrific, game is back and forth, two really good teams that I thought played well, took care of the ball, executed at a high level, and that was terrific. And for my young team, seven of our top eight players being freshmen and sophomores, it was not only good to help us have confidence tomorrow but as those kids grow older and hopefully be a part of more NCAA tournaments down the road.

That said, got a heck of a challenge tomorrow playing I think the most athletic team in the country, and one through eight, they're really athletic. Their point guard is terrific, one of the best if not the best in the country because he can score it and he can really pass it. So it's a tough challenge for us, but one that we're looking forward to and happy to be a part of.

Q. Tony Benford was in here earlier and he said that he felt the matchup is in the paint. That's the key match-up. Do you look at that the same, and what do you see from LSU's big men?
MARK TURGEON: Well, they're terrific. Got great length. Naz, we recruited him a little bit. Obviously he's a great player and a great kid, can score a lot of ways. He can also shoot the three, shoots it well.

I think he's talking about the way Bruno can score for us, Stix around the basket, the way they can score around the basket and the way both teams can rebound. I think that's really what he's talking about. There's also some really good guards on the court tomorrow, too. It's a high-level game. It's a high-level game with a lot of talent, and should be a fun game to coach in, a fun game to be a part of.

Q. You mentioned Stix yesterday, I think, and kind of his confidence. You can almost see which way he's going to go early in a game. How have you tried to mitigate that and manage that, and do you think he can start piling up games in a row based on how confidently he played yesterday?
MARK TURGEON: Well, you'd like to think because if you don't, the season is over. I think what happened yesterday is sometimes you're in the middle of a grind of the season, especially when you play in a league like the Big Ten that was so tough this year, you might hang your head a little bit. Well, you don't have time to hang your head in this tournament. So if a play didn't go well, we were really encouraging guys to go on to the next play, and I think our guys did that yesterday, so I think Stix did it.

Got in foul trouble, bounced back, played through foul trouble, which was great to see. But he's a terrific player, and we need him to play well. Doesn't have to play great, but we need him to play well, and I was just really happy for him yesterday. He came through.

Q. You've talked in the press conferences back in College Park about how young your team was when they went to Purdue, some of those early games. You talk about how your relationship has grown with the freshmen and how your team has aged through the season and are they where you expected them to be?
MARK TURGEON: Yes. We've gotten a lot better. You throw that tape in right now, we don't even look the same. And neither does Purdue, obviously.

But we've gotten a lot better. I think what's happened is Bruno, Darryl and Anthony have really grown, too, as players, and then the young guys in their own way have come and gone a little bit, whether it's Eric Ayala, who's been terrific most of the time, Stix has been really good a lot of the time, and Aaron Wiggins, who's been good a lot of time, too. So they've all grown.

And then guys figured out kind of what their roles are and how they can help us. A guy like Ricky Lindo just goes in to defend and rebound. He knows that. If he can get an offensive rebound from a basket, that's big for us.

We've watched them grow. I think they're all comfortable. We never looked at them as freshmen. I just kept saying how young we were so people could appreciate what this team is doing, because sometimes you don't do that because you're so caught up in everything that's going on. But we don't think we're young anymore. There will be a lot of young guys on the floor tomorrow for both teams.

But none of them think that way. They've grown. But our sophomore and our junior, they've grown quite a bit, too.

Q. Anthony yesterday said that he felt like it was a little bit of a weight off of his shoulders getting that win. Do you hope maybe with that off of him he can get some shots to start falling?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, you never know, but what I was proud of Anthony is he had six assists, one turnover, and he did a heck of a job guarding that kid. It was a heck of a tough match-up, coming off those ball screens all day and having to get over him.

The good thing is that Anthony got a lot of wide-open shots. That's the great thing for me as a coach. If he's shooting contested, late shot clock going down over a hand, we probably don't win that game. He got a lot of really looks. It's really good for us Anthony was 3 for 18. We scored 79 points. That's a good sign for us moving forward.

I just hope for him he makes a few shots, but if he doesn't, we'll just have to try to overcome it again.

Q. Kind of going off that, for you and the team as a whole, do you feel like a weight has been lifted off your shoulders getting that first win, getting on the board, ending a bit of a drought and now you can just go play?
MARK TURGEON: We don't feel like we're in a drought because it's just this team. Everybody just wants to make it a drought about what we've done the last couple years. We don't think that way. Now, unfortunately guys read social media and it gets in their head a little bit. I don't, as you guys know, so it doesn't get in my head. But yesterday was huge for us, to get the deflection and get the steal, one-possession game, goes the other way, we'd have to answer all those questions all next March. So now we don't have to answer them, okay.

When you have seven of your eight freshmen and sophomores, I said it early, it's going to help us moving forward for tomorrow and it's going to help us down the road. That's what was huge about yesterday.

And then for our young guys to play in a game like that, that was an incredible college basketball game and a great environment, and it moves quick out there. For them to be a part of that and just -- so like we lost to Michigan late in the year, and just late in the game they were better than they were, because they know what the reward is. Those players have been to a National Championship game. They've had success. We don't know what the reward is. Now the guys are starting to, "Oh, wow, that was pretty cool."

So that was a great reward, and so now next year when these young guys are back and we're fighting to get to the tournament or win a conference championship, they know what the reward is. We didn't know it. We didn't know it. So that's what was big about yesterday.

Q. With all the improprieties that's going on in college basketball right now, I can imagine it can be very, very difficult to be a college basketball coach. You've been doing this a while. Do you find that there's more camaraderie now among the coaching fraternity? Have you spoken to Coach Benford at all about what's going on down there, given him any encouragement? What's your feeling on the mindset now?
MARK TURGEON: We are a close-knit group, okay. Have I talked to Tony, no. I just bumped into him when he was leaving the building, but I've known Tony for a long time. So he's doing a terrific job under the circumstances.

So we are a close-knit group, and that's really what's important. Like it was such an honor for me yesterday to coach against Rick Byrd. Do you know how cool that was for me? And I've been doing it a long time. The guy has won 800 games. That was a real honor for me yesterday.

We are close. We all talk. We encourage each other. We really know how hard it is. Like when I talk to Gary Williams during the season, that's a really good thing for me because he knows what it's like to be in my shoes. It's hard. It's a hard business. It's a great business. We love -- that's why we do it, and we love being in it.

We are a close-knit fraternity, if that answers your question.

Q. You've had a couple of meetings with Darryl over the course of the season, one early in the year after the opener and I guess he got benched for one game, and then more recently talking about turnovers. What has he done to sort of get to where he is right now the last few games, where he's not turning the ball over, scoring more and still playing really good defense?
MARK TURGEON: Two things happened: One is total buy-in, okay. So if you don't totally buy in, and lucky for him, we are a young team. So he was able to keep his spot through a lot of those mistakes he was making. But he had total buy-in after the Penn State game. Threw it right to them the first two plays of the game, they get six points, live ball turnovers. Since then, I don't know what his assist-turnover was yesterday? 14-1 now in the last four games. So that's total buy-in.

And I can't remember what game it was, I think it was leading into the Michigan game, so it was probably that same time, I said Darryl Morsell is going to guard the best player on the other team. He's our best defender. We need him to do that. We don't need Darryl to score a lot of points for us, even though he did yesterday, but he has to defend. So I told him in front of the whole team. Now, I thought he did a great job on that kid yesterday and he had 35 or whatever.

So I think that was a big moment for Darryl as far as growing up and maturing, and just total buy-in. Total buy-in is very important for young people. If they do that, they usually succeed.

Q. One of the guys on LSU, talking about your team, said that Darryl is the X factor. Do you agree with that?
MARK TURGEON: What's that mean? Well, yeah, we'll give him that. We'll call him the X Man, the X Factor. Yeah, he does all the little things, the dirty things. He is a big X factor for us. So is Eric Ayala, does a lot of things for us, really steady.

Yeah, I think it's important. Basically what they're staying is he's not a superstar but he really helps our team go. Yeah, he's been -- Darryl has been good. I'm really proud of him the last four games. It's total buy-in on his part.

Q. I think you mentioned yesterday that your team was feeding off of people around the country picking Belmont. Is that over? Can you still beat that drum? Can you still use that as motivation going forward?
MARK TURGEON: Well, are they picking LSU? I haven't been paying attention, so hopefully they are and we'll use it.

This time of year you use any motivation you can. Obviously the players are highly motivated at this time, but there's an edge you've got to get certain ways. So as a coach you love it when they pick the other team. A lot of guys picked the other team. That's good for us. But in the end you've got to win the game. And you've got to play well to win it. We'll see. It's still early. I don't know what's being said out there, and the game is so early tomorrow, you're going to wake up and you're going to show up and you're going to play the game.

Q. I've heard that you are a rather superstitious person. How is that part of your personality affected by the different schedules and craziness of the NCAA Tournament?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, it's crazy. I've gotten better, but my sons wanted to come to shoot-around. I asked them if they came when we beat Hawaii two years ago and went to a Sweet 16, and they said they were there, so they're here again today. So a little superstition there.

It is what it is. I've gotten a little bit better with it as time goes on. I've always been that way since I was a little three- or four- or five-year-old kid watching my Chiefs or my Royals or my Jayhawks. I was really superstitious. I had to listen-to-it-on-the-radio-a-certain-way type thing when I was growing up. It's who I am, I guess.

Q. How does your time as a big-time college point guard affect your relationship with your guards? What can you tell them about your experiences that translates to what they see tomorrow?
MARK TURGEON: I try really hard not to talk about myself. One, I don't think I'm as good as the point guards that I'm coaching. But I just try to coach them. When you have such a young team, it's really more about positivity. I've been more positive this year than I've ever been. I don't know if the players feel that way or not. But I've had to bite my lip a lot, let some things go, but I've just really tried with this group to be positive because I knew how hard our schedule was and how good the league was and how young we were, but I'd like to think that we've done a good job with our point guards.

I know Eric Ayala likes to hear my voice. It's very important to him. He wants to relay what I'm saying. I think Matt Brady has been really good for Anthony. I know Anthony hasn't shot the ball great but Anthony has become a better basketball player. I think Matt Brady has been good for him. He's really helped him become a better player.

Q. You mentioned speaking with Gary before, having been in your shoes. How often do you speak with him? What has your relationship been like since you've been there? Obviously you've been there a long time, and has it changed since you first got there?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, it's changed a lot. We've become much better friends. We probably hang out more in the summer than we do during the season. Gary is a hands-off guy. He's never going to call me and give me his opinion. If we're going to talk, it's because I reach out to him.

But he's been around a little bit. This year we had the 100 years of Maryland basketball, so he's been around a little bit more, so it's always great. I love when he's around. Early this year he came to a couple practices, helped us with some things. We had a staff meeting at my house. He came, spent a few hours with us. It was really cool to see. Just to get him back around it.

But I look forward to hanging out at the beach with him this summer. Should be a lot of fun.

Q. You kind of touched upon Coach Benford for a second, but can you kind of imagine -- it's not what he signed up for, to be pushed in the forefront like this at a time like this and the pressure of winning in the postseason, can you put yourself in his shoes and what that's like to go through?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, because I've been a head coach for 21 years and every time you step out in an NCAA Tournament game it's a lot. He's handled it great. He's been a head coach before. He's been around a long time. He's been around a lot of great coaches. He's doing a terrific job. He's got a really, really good team, and they really look like they're together and sticking together and playing well together.

I thought he did a great job yesterday. That was a tough game. Yale was really, really good, and I thought he did a great job preparing them, and he'll do the same for tomorrow's game.

Q. In terms of Anthony taking his shots, last night it looked like he took good shots, they just weren't falling. You said similar things about Melo during his team where if he has a tough shooting night, you thought the next one was going to go in. Is there a difference now with the team that you have and especially this year's team, when you have such potentially dominant players inside, which you didn't necessarily have for most of Melo's time there, with Anthony, and whether it's an open shot, do you still want him to take a look inside first?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, I think we play inside out. They were just doubling Bruno all night, so it made it tough, but Bruno still had a double-double, I believe. And we made the right reads. The key thing is that Anthony took good shots. He had to rush a couple late shot clock, you know, but he missed three or four lay-ups, missed five wide-open threes. Those are great shots. I mean, for a heck of a player.

For him personally, I just want him to make a few, okay. But the great thing is it didn't affect his game yesterday. He was terrific.

We share it. We went to Stix. We went to Bruno. We tried to get Aaron Wiggins involved. We ran plays for Eric Ayala yesterday to get him going. So we're sharing the wealth. But a lot of times the ball gravitates back to your best players late in the shot clock, and it does, but we overcame it, and it was a big relief for all of us.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Being that you guys are a small school like Wofford, what mentality are you guys adapting, taking on a powerhouse like Kentucky heading into this match-up?
MATTHEW PEGRAM: I would say that our non-conference prepared us for that every year. We play a pretty hard non-conference. We play against a lot of big schools. Go into it like any other game: Get the game plan from the coaches, go out, play as hard as we can, see what happens.

Q. Fletcher or Cameron, for people who don't know Wofford, where it is, what kind of school it is, I guess we can look on Wikipedia and see it's not exactly a huge enrollment, probably the smallest school in the tournament, to a national audience what would you say about Wofford, and is this kind of match-up intriguing to you guys? Obviously Kentucky is kind of on this whole different level as the elite of college basketball, and just getting a chance to go against them?
CAMERON JACKSON: I mean, Wofford College is a special place. It's a small, tight-knit community where you know everybody. We have professors here that will greet us after the games in the hotel. That just shows the type of game that we go to school at.

And as far as it being us playing a powerhouse school like Kentucky, we are excited about doing that. I mean, it doesn't get much better than playing teams like Kentucky. You dream of that as a kid, being on that team, being on a smaller school, playing against that team. So all of this is just a dream come true.

Q. Following that up, before you were recruited by Wofford, how many of you did not know where Wofford was? And then also, when you tell people you play for Wofford, do you still have to tell them where it is?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I did not know exactly where Wofford was until I went up and visited it. But I can say that it actually is a great place. It's like one of the best kept secrets. You don't know what it is, and when you get there, it's awesome.

CAMERON JACKSON: Yeah, I hadn't heard of it, either. I'm from Virginia, and didn't really know much about schools in South Carolina, especially not the smaller schools in South Carolina, but it's become home for me.

MATTHEW PEGRAM: I'm the oddball out, I grew up in South Carolina and had a lot of connections to Wofford, so I knew all about it my whole career, so that was actually an offer I was really excited to get, and it all worked out.

Q. Fletcher and all you guys, do you ever think you're playing against this Kentucky team with all these NBA prospects and stuff that if you play well or beat them that you could help yourself in the eyes of NBA scouts and stuff like that?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I think that that's something that you try to block out and ignore as much as you can. Getting the chance to go against great competition is always a great chance for you to prove yourself, but to think about -- you don't want to get out of character and try to do things that you can't do or do things that you're uncomfortable doing just to try to show that you can do something. We want to stay within ourselves, play our game, and we feel that if we do that, we can be right there and we can compete with them.

Q. Fletcher, how much do you really pay attention to the economy of your shooting, meaning that taking -- even though some people might perceive some of the shots you take as low-percentage shots but you do work on them, how much do you pay attention to the fact that you're scoring well above one point for every shot and free throw above what you've attempted in your career? And as a follow-up, does it really bother you that much that your younger brother is taller than you?
FLETCHER MAGEE: To the first part of the question, absolutely. He's only 14, and he's probably two inches taller than me, so I wish I had two those inches on me.

But to the second part, it's something that I've gotten used to, just as far as like a lot of people thinking that it's a bad shot or an inefficient shot. But you know, like you said, when you look at the points per possession or percentages and getting to the numbers, analytics, you can see that I make them at an efficient enough rate for it to be good shot for our team. So I think when you look at it that way, it all works out and it's not a bad shot.

Q. As a follow-up, you were probably 14, 13 years old when Jimmer Fredette of BYU was really lighting it up nationally. Did you pay much attention to his game, and is there any approach from you that even resembles anything of what he did?
FLETCHER MAGEE: I actually didn't pay attention too much to him. I do remember when they played Florida in the NCAA Tournament, just growing up in Florida. I was watching that, and I remember he had a great game against them and pulled up from deep probably three or four times and made it on them. So I knew that he was a great player and a great shooter.

Just him being out west and at BYU, I didn't really get the chance to watch a lot of his games and that kind of stuff, though.

Q. How would you guys describe the style of offense you guys play, how much of a green light you have, how much dependence on three-point shooting?
FLETCHER MAGEE: I think that we're actually a very balanced offense. Cam, Matt, Keve, a lot of our bigs are really good back-to-the-basket post scorers. A lot of people like to talk about all the threes that we shoot and stuff, but if it wasn't for them drawing in the defense, a lot of times we wouldn't be open for those threes. Playing inside out can definitely open it up. I think that we're pretty balanced because we can shoot the ball really well, but we can also pound it inside with our bigs and have them go to work.

I feel like it's a good balance between that.

Q. Fletcher, you broke the record last night; how big was that moment for you and for your career and for everything that you've done? And the second question is you take a high degree of difficulty of shots; how is your practice regimen with those?
FLETCHER MAGEE: To the first question, I think I've said this before. I think when I look back on it when I'm older, I'll definitely think about that game and how special and everything it was. But in the moment, just trying to -- just do whatever to win, to think about winning an NCAA Tournament game, that was just the main goal, and that was what was on my mind.

But to the second part, I think that the practice regimen, I think that you try to practice shots that you know you're going to shoot in games, so if I know that I'm going to shoot an off-balance shot going this way or off-balance shot going that way, I'm going to practice those type of shots so I can get a feel for it, and I feel like that's kind of what's enabled me to shoot those kind of shots.

Q. Fletcher already talked about the play on the bigs, so I want to ask Cameron and Matthew. Kentucky feels pretty good about their size advantage. How do you kind of prove that they're wrong to think that way tomorrow?
CAMERON JACKSON: I think we just take care of what we can take care of. It's not really about proving them wrong. It's about doing what we're comfortable doing and making the impact on the game that we can, the way that we impact the game on a daily basis, getting the ball to the shooters, rebounding. But it's not really about proving them wrong, it's about taking care of what we can take care of.

MATTHEW PEGRAM: I think he said it best right there.

Q. Cameron, can you talk about what athletic trainer Alyss Hart does on a daily basis to get you ready to go, what she means to you, and is she right when she says you're kind of high maintenance?
CAMERON JACKSON: Me personally or the team? Okay, I don't think that I'm necessarily high maintenance. I think that might be a little bit of a stretch. But no, Alyss is the best. She's taken care of me throughout my five years. I've had a few injuries where I've needed her to just really take care of me and tell me what I need to do, and she's always very upfront with me about what's wrong. She tells me if I'm being soft. She tells me -- like she keeps it really straight with me, so I'm able to know what I can and can't do. She doesn't sugarcoat anything, and she just tries to just get me ready. She's meant the world to me over the past five years. I've grown close to her through the experience.

Q. Cameron, just curious, Fletcher has taken a certain amount of grief from his family about his haircut. I'm just wondering if you guys have needled him about not having sort of a defined hair style, like it's a little bit short of crew cut but not really a crew cut, and then a little bit longer but not -- doesn't seem to be defined. I'm just wondering if you guys needle him about that at all?
CAMERON JACKSON: No, not really. We just let him do his thing. His hair doesn't really matter when the ball goes in, so I don't carry care how he cuts it. He could be bald tomorrow and I'll still be happy for him, as long as he's hitting shots.

Q. Mike, I know your conference is good, but you've also been able to schedule some Power Five non-conference games over the past few years especially. You've had some success. How much does that help you for a moment like tomorrow, and then on the second part of that, with some conferences moving to 20 and 22-game regular seasons, do you fear that scheduling those games is going to become more difficult for a school like yours?
MIKE YOUNG: Yeah, I do. I'm not sure that that bigger schedule with the Power Fives is going to last. They did it for RPI, NET for those ramifications, for that pop in those numbers, and I don't think those numbers are improving. I don't. Maybe I'm wrong. Time will tell after a couple of years.

But so much emphasis put now on strength of schedule, I'm not having any trouble yet in getting those games. May not be the games I want, I'm going to go to Duke next year, but I do like those games, and I do like challenging our team in November and December, and I think that pays huge dividends once you get into league play.

We may get our ears pinned back tomorrow, but it will not be because my team is intimidated. We went to Phog Allen Fieldhouse. We had North Carolina at home, Oklahoma, very, very good. You know, there is a method to the madness. I do -- our non-league schedule is always really hard.

We had the opportunity to -- we had nine non-league games at home, which can be hard for teams at our level in our league, but yeah, we do that for a number of reasons.

Q. From the time you've been there, how much sort of less obscure is the identity of Wofford now than it was when you first got there? And then as a follow-up, when you're recruiting a kid, assuming it's not in the immediate Spartanburg area, how often when you say, "I'm the coach at Wofford", do you basically have to say where Wofford is?
MIKE YOUNG: I came there in '89, and I can remember vividly a good friend of mine, also an assistant, I can't tell you how many times -- this is before answering machines and cell phones, that we'd have to spell our name. I remember calling a school in Charlotte, like for God's sake, you're an hour away, you've never heard of Wofford, really? Of course I say that, in '88 I came down and interviewed for the job, and I had never heard of Wofford.

The NCAA Tournament and this platform has helped our identity, what our program has accomplished over the last 10 years. We've gotten a lot better, and especially in the areas that we've recruited really, really hard - the great state of Minnesota, Chicago, Illinois, Madison, Wisconsin. Our name recognition has gotten better and better and better, and certainly this experience will help even more.

I'm still trying -- I had to correct a gentleman out here in the hallway. If I hear one of you say "Woe-ford", I'm going to come after you. It's Wofford. Wofford, all right? It's spelled W-o-f-f-o-r-d. It's pronounced W-a-f-f-o-r-d, isn't it, Todd? We're making great progress, but still, work to be done.

Q. Some of the players spoke also about non-conference kind of molding them for the match-up tomorrow. Talk about everyone's mentality and the attitude of the players as a whole right now.
MIKE YOUNG: It's a different deal tomorrow. We're playing the Wildcats of Kentucky, and I can't wait. I have such great admiration for Coach Calipari and what he's done at UMass and Memphis and now here at Kentucky. It'll be a wonderful day for our team and our players.

I can't imagine a team more confident, and that's earned. We haven't lost since December 19th, and of the four losses, they're all playing in the NCAA Tournament this weekend, and I know North Carolina, Oklahoma -- Oklahoma was up big. I think they all four won their first-round game. And those were all good games. We were tied or trailed by a couple at the eight-minute mark at Kansas, and the wheels came off. The wheels can come off and have come off for a lot of people in that building.

You know, so again, they may whip our tail, but it will not be because my kids are scared. They'll come out ready to fight.

Q. You mentioned your respect for Coach Calipari. Obviously they have a bunch of NBA prospects --
MIKE YOUNG: Yeah.

Q. I think they have three guys projected in the current draft, per ESPN. How much of an opportunity is that for your fellas, if they play well to impress some NBA scouts, get on the radar, help themselves long-term?
MIKE YOUNG: They understand. We haven't said anything about it. You think Fletcher Magee understands that, embraces that? You're darned right. Cameron Jackson is on a lot of people's radar. Size is not ideal. I do think that he'll make a lot of money in Europe, if he chooses to do that, and I think he will.

You know, again, I've said before, this is the NCAA Tournament. This is the greatest tournament on earth, and to perform and play against PJ Washington - I hope - Reid Travis, play well and play a good ball game certainly would help those guys immensely.

Q. You talked about playing some of these other big programs. How much of the mystique does it kind of take out of tomorrow's game having to face a blue blood like Kentucky?
MIKE YOUNG: You know what, I don't know the answer to that. I don't know the answer to that. I know this, it doesn't take any mystique away from my feelings going into it. Way back, I remember sitting and listening to that AM radio station through the Carolinas and Virginia and Kentucky, West Virginia and listening to Cawood Ledford and that '78 team, and those were great, great -- are great, great memories. To strap it on tomorrow and walk out there and face UK, I mean, that's a highlight. That will be a highlight for my team. That'll be something they'll never forget.

Q. For the people who haven't seen your team play or seen them play a little bit and think you're just a bunch of little guys who fire up three-point shots, what can you say about your team in terms of why they're here today?
MIKE YOUNG: I've said it a thousand times, and I believe it with every fiber of my body, we've got a really, really good team. We do have a lot of guys that can crank it. We also have a young man in the post in Cameron Jackson that can score on a lot of people, and he's done it repeatedly throughout his career. We had a kid that's kind of come into his own this year. He's not going to score a lot, but he's going to block a shot, he's going to rebound the ball in Keve Aluma, came off the bench with a couple of kids that have helped us win a number of games.

You know, I hate to get into all this, but we are ranked nationally for a purpose. That NET, that evaluation tool, whatever, that we were 13th or 12th in the country, you know, so that's not you guys just throwing numbers out there. I mean, that's where it is. Our analytics and metrics and all that stuff are really, really good.

Q. I get the feeling that you don't really embrace the small school versus big school --
MIKE YOUNG: I hate it.

Q. That enrollment has nothing to do with the roster. What are your thoughts on that?
MIKE YOUNG: What's UK have, 35,000 undergraduate students? We've got 1,600. So? We've got really good players. Kentucky has got really good players. Let's go play.

I tire of the mid-major and the little guy and all this stuff. Come on, man. You know, we have good players that are serious and love competing. They're all going to graduate, and they're all going to be productive citizens. That wears on me a little bit. Could you tell?

Q. One of the coaches that came through Rupp Arena this year, I believe it may have been North Dakota, said he went to Lowe's and bought snow shovels to replicate the length of Kentucky. How unique is that compared to other challenges you're going to face?
MIKE YOUNG: I was just in awe when I saw them yesterday. I made the mistake before our game, I went out and watched them play Abilene Christian a little bit. I wished I hadn't have done that. Goodness gracious, they're just enormous.

They're not going to do anything different. We played North Carolina the last two years, and, you know, it's who you're competing against. We can't do anything differently offensively. We are who we are. We're not going to do anything offensively or defensively. We're pretty locked into what we hope to do. It's certainly more challenging with their size and 3's size on the perimeter is impressive and Herro is a 2 guard at 6'5", Hagans is a nice looking young man who's a lead guard.

I was concerned about Powell and Cale. Those guys last night looked like boxers. But they'll figure it out. Let it rip.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Naz, what was it like for you, your NCAA Tournament debut? How did it live you are to your dreams or expectations coming in?
NAZ REID: It was a pretty tough, hard-nosed team who didn't let up, and they were very competitive, and that's something we are going to see throughout the whole March Madness.

Q. After having such a close game against Florida go the other way, how nice was it for you to bounce back at crunch time and stave off that late push?
TREMONT WATERS: Obviously the Florida game didn't go the way we wanted it to go, but as a team we were able to grow from it and pretty much learn what we had to do and made free throws, like Coach said, and everything just fell into place for us.

Q. Naz, was that game a little closer than you had hoped, and what can you learn from that game that you can take to move on Saturday and hopefully going forward?
NAZ REID: I mean, just controlling the lead, controlling the tempo on both sides of the floor. As far as the whole team, just playing our best and going out and playing hard as we can.

Going forward, it's a lot -- no discredit to Yale, but it's going to be a lot of tougher teams going forward, so we've just got to be able to balance everything out and do what we do best.

Q. Naz, Kavell Bigby-Williams came up big early in the game with four blocks. How much easier does he make your job whenever he's on like that?
NAZ REID: I mean, he's tremendous. He makes my job way easier than it has to be. You know, if a guy gets by me or baseline, Kavell is right there and he's able to stop the person with the ball, and he's a big help to all of us.

Q. 45 points in the first half, what was the key to coming out so hot offensively?
SKYLAR MAYS: I'd just say we were aggressive and we had a great game plan getting into the paint and using our size advantage, and Naz did a great job getting in the paint, Tremont was all over the place, and all these guys did a great job.

Q. Tremont or anybody else, could you talk a little bit about the factor for KBW early? Three rejections in the first five and a half minutes; did you kind of sense that Yale was a little bit altering their shots and making it really difficult to get those inside points for them, at least early on?
TREMONT WATERS: Yeah, going into the game, or the whole time, I just spoke to Kavell, and that's his role on this team, he does that, and altering shots is something he's great at. So just going into the game we spoke to him about that, and he was able to get three or four blocks, and that kind of made Yale think about going in there a second time, and that's why they started shooting pull-ups.

Copeland, he's really good at that. And then just making them shoot outside shots. So having a presence like him down there just makes our job a lot easier, like Naz said.

Q. Coach, can you just talk about Naz and what he brings to the team overall and how you felt he played today? Obviously he was the biggest guy on the court, they didn't have anyone that could really match up?
TONY BENFORD: Yeah, Naz has been great to coach. He's fun. He's in tremendous shape. He's really changed his body. But we wanted to play through him. We wanted to get paint touches. That's one of our game standards was get 50 or more paint touches. I thought we did that establishing the paint points early, and Naz did a great job. Stepped out, I don't know if he made a three, might have made one, I'm not sure, but we've just got to keep playing through him moving forward, and we've got to do a great job on the defensive end, as well, too.

Q. What was your assessment of how things started to kind of slip away a little bit, when the lead went from 16 down to 8, and Yale wasn't even making 3-point shots at that time but yet -- did you feel like your team got a little bit unsettled, a little out of rhythm?
TONY BENFORD: The thing is we're in the NCAA Tournament. I've been to the tournament as a player, coach for years, a lot of years. There's good teams in the tournament. They're going to make a run. Basketball is a game of runs. They made a good run.

I thought there was a couple times where guys that -- I don't know if we were pointing fingers at one another, we had some defensive breakdowns and I think guys were challenging their teammates, and we talk about that, taking ownership and keeping one another accountable. We tried to do that, but I think they were able to regroup through all that and through adversity to make some free throws. But Yale is a quality team. They've won a lot of games, beat some quality opponents and we knew it was going to be a tough game. So I want to give them some credit, too.

Q. What did you feel you guys did well on defense to hold Miye Oni to just five points and limit Yale 8 of 37 from three in that game?
TONY BENFORD: Yeah, well, the kid Marlon Taylor we have, he's one of the best athletes in the ACC. Really good defender. Marlon is about 6'5", 6'6". We told him it's going to be a challenge. Oni is a really good player, he's a pro prospect, and I thought Marlon did a really good job of really being there on the catch and making it difficult for him to get to the rim, and I thought he challenged his three-point shots really well. So I thought Marlon Taylor did a really good job.

Q. Tony, you guys have been in so many close games during the regular season. Did you sense anything was different in this game or did you feel it was a comfort zone with your players, even though Yale is making a run and they're cutting your lead down? Did you feel like you still had things under control emotionally?
TONY BENFORD: Well, I thought that we had to get some stops. That's what I kept preaching to our guys, hey, we've got to keep our poise and we've got to make sure we get stops down the stretch, and then finish those defensive possessions with rebounds. They hit some tough shots, but I thought we were able to come down and execute in the half court. We got Naz, I think we cut it -- I forget, about four, six, we ran a play to get Naz an easy baskets, and then came down and got some stops. But we made our free throws.

You're right, played a lot of close games and were fortunate to pull this one out today.

Q. What would you say to anybody who maybe pays scant attention to LSU basketball, just watching it, and they see the news developments the last few weeks, who would think in any way disparagingly about your program because of allegedly possibly a rogue decision made by a coach that didn't involve any of the players except for possibly one on your team?
TONY BENFORD: Well, bottom line, we're not going to worry about the outside noise. We've got good character kids, OK, and you've got Skylar Mays, Scholar-Athlete of the Year in the SEC, and we've got some really good quality kids on our team. So we're just going to control what we can control and that's getting better every day, getting ready to prepare for our next opponent. That's all we can control. Outside noise, we can't worry about that, all we can control is the inside noise. That's all we're going to worry about.

Q. Kavell obviously had a huge impact on the game defensively, but also I thought offensively put-backs. Can you talk about how he almost seems like at times an afterthought with this team but some of the importance he has in the game?
TONY BENFORD: Well, Kavell is kind of X factor like Tre said. Should have been in the SEC All-Defensive Team. Does a great job. First of all, he's smart. He's got a high IQ, does a great job of communicating to his teammates out there. And he really absorbs all scouting reports. That's one thing. He takes it to the court and helps the other guys out, so he's always in great position because of that. He watches a lot of film on who he's going to defend and everything.

He's been huge for us this year, like Naz said, he will really covers up for Naz and those guys. If they make a mistake, they knows he's back there to protect the rim.

Q. After a blazing hot first half y'all seemed to struggle to find good looks in the second half. What do you think contributed to that? Was that on your end or was that an adjustment they made?
TONY BENFORD: Well, I think a combination of both. Again, Yale, Coach Jones does a great job. They've got a lot of pride and they got some guys that can make some shots. They hit some big shots, and I thought we got -- we were kind of stagnant there in the second half. We didn't execute as well as we needed to, and we settled too much. I thought we settled for some jumpers when we should have -- we wanted, again, to continue to attack the paint like we did in the first half. I didn't think we did that in the second half until we had to.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Dylan, totally different game than what you played in Dayton; just talk about your approach and being more of a scoring weapon in this game and what it was you did to be able to give them so much trouble.
DYLAN WINDLER: I wouldn't say I came into this game with any different approach. I'm always coming into the game with the approach I'm trying to score and do whatever I can for my team, and tonight I happened to be scoring. So I got hot early and just continued to stay aggressive and attack and got to the line a little bit, saw a few shots go and just stayed aggressive.

Q. Rick, you had said that you didn't want to be embarrassed; I'm sure you're not embarrassed. Just talk about how your team performed on this type of stage.
RICK BYRD: Yeah, I guess what I mean by that is any time you're playing a team, a Big Ten team, a team at this level, you're worried. You're worried about the difference in athleticism and you're worried about whether you can score, you're worried about whether you can stop them from scoring, and we had good reason to worry if we could get the rebound when they didn't score tonight, and there's just so many ways that they get extra points that we can't get.

I'm sort of, I guess, preparing for a game, I'm a glass-half-full guy, and I'm always concerned.

But no, I mean, I would never be embarrassed by the team, just none of us want to get beat bad. We want to be competitive. There's no question that in this game that we belonged with a 6 seed from beginning to end. The final score is going to say that they won and they're going to advance, but once again, we ran a play, it worked, it was all there, and their kid did a great job of getting a hand on the pass, or Dylan is shooting a lay-up or dunking it, and we win or they make some reckless play at the other end and beat us again.

They get the win, we get the loss. That doesn't mean that our performance wasn't as good as we could ask for.

Q. Could you just talk about the mindset going into that last sequence? Any options you may have had a chance to talk to your team about?
RICK BYRD: Yeah, we had -- there was a time-out with 59 seconds left, and we called the play that we ran, a back-door play. Regardless, regardless of what happened on the other end, we -- if we needed to score quick, we would have done it sooner. We did exactly the same thing at UCLA that we just did. As it turned out, something happened that we got the ball inside the shot clock, and I can't actually tell you what that was, but we ended up with the ball one down with less than 30 seconds left.

Felt really good about the play. I think our guys felt really good about the play. When you're playing a team as good as they are and you have a play you feel really good about, I'd like to think that the odds are on the high side of 50/50 that it works and you win the game.

You know, there's a lot of people that wouldn't do that, I think. They'd go ahead and try to get it -- I just didn't have anything I thought was better, and I thought if we scored it too quick, we'd have a hard time stopping them from scoring or stopping them from getting the rebound and scoring. I just felt like the odds were better with us trying to go for one, down one.

Q. For Dylan, can you just take us through that last sequence? Did you slip because the ball was tipped or did you slip before it was tipped?
DYLAN WINDLER: Well, obviously I went back door. I thought the pass was a little short, so yeah, I tried to come back to the ball, slipped trying to get back to the ball. You know, it was a tough play to make. It was a tight window for the pass. I would say it's desperation, you have to throw it, so I'm not blaming anybody on anything. It was, like I said, desperation. He made the best pass he could. I think it was a little short, so I tried to come back and get it, and slipped and they got the ball.

RICK BYRD: Yeah, I think the pass would have been there. If the defender on him didn't get a hand on it, that's a great play by him, but I think it looked to me like -- I can watch it later. Looked to me like the timing was perfect. I loved what I saw when Dylan's man bit on the pass fake, and he had good distance between himself and his man and the kid gets his hand up like he's supposed to, makes a good play, a winning play.

Q. For Coach Byrd, you mentioned the run coming out after halftime. Did you notice any adjustments they made that were difficult for you to meet coming out after halftime?
RICK BYRD: You know, I think they were going to focus on making us guard them inside first and foremost, and you know, if you'd have told me that Fernando was going to be 5 for 10 in the game, I would have been completely happy with that. But we just -- we've done this, these guys will admit, too often this year. We've come out of halftime -- in fact, we started coming out earlier, about two-thirds of the way through the season, to try to get them out there and going.

We had a lead. We'd played well. But they certainly came out with a far more aggressive mindset. I think it was way more about that than what they did different than what they had done in the first half or what we had done differently. And I think that's to their credit, and it's to our bad.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Reid, you waited five years for this moment. I'm curious what it felt like.
REID TRAVIS: It felt good. Like you said, it's been a long time. This has always been a dream of mine playing college basketball, is to be in the tournament and advance deep in it. This is the first step. I'm just glad I can enjoy it with my teammates.

Q. I'm curious, Tyler, since you have a potential match-up on Saturday, certainly not a given, with Wofford, have you heard much about Fletcher Magee just because of his shooting prowess? 500 threes over a career is just obscene.
TYLER HERRO: Yeah, I've watched his highlights. I've heard he's a very good shooter, so I think it would be a good match-up. Both teams that we'll potentially play are really good. So we're going to have to prepare for how we play.

Q. As a follow-up to that, how do you feel like your team does when you have the occasion to defend somebody who's really proficient from three-point range?
TYLER HERRO: I think if we just stick to our assignments and whatever the game plan that the coaches give us, as long as we stick to our assignments, I think we should be fine.

Q. In a game like this, what keeps you guys motivated to keep the pressure on throughout the entire time, maybe Keldon talk about that?
JOHN CALIPARI: Can I say something? He didn't keep the pressure on. He can tell why the rest of the guys did, but he didn't quite --

KELDON JOHNSON: Just knowing Coach Cal is going to stay on us regardless. Regardless of the score, if we're up 20, 30, or even if it's a close game, if we miss an assignment he's going to be all over us.

JOHN CALIPARI: Not missed shot, how about you break down defensively, don't grab a rebound, throw the ball to the wrong guy on the other team. Yes, I'm going to -- you missed plenty of shots and I don't say anything, so don't say that.

Q. He did say "missed assignments".
JOHN CALIPARI: Oh, you're right. I thought he said missed a shot.

Q. Reid, what was it like not having PJ in there today?
REID TRAVIS: Obviously it's tough not having PJ with us. He makes our team better all season. We feel like we play off of each other really well, but I feel like with my injury a couple weeks back, guys had to step up and fit into different roles and really just build their confidence.

Unfortunately he's out and we're happy to have him back when he gets healthy and all that, but we had guys build their confidence over the last couple of weeks with me being out, but I thought it was good. Guys stepped up and we were able to play good minutes.

Q. Tyler, coming into the season there were concerns about like your defense and stuff, but since then you've made major strides throughout the season. What have you done to improve that? And what's the next step in your development?
TYLER HERRO: I think the coaches have been on me since day one, just in practice every day. My teammates push me to be better defensively, so just continue to get better every day.

Q. John, can you elaborate a little on PJ's condition and availability going forward?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, first of all, the option was a boot or the cast. The cast would speed up the healing, so we said, put the cast on. Whether they'll take it off tomorrow to check it, I don't know. If they don't, he won't play Saturday, and then they'll probably try to take it off Tuesday or Wednesday of next week to see how his foot feels.

Everything was negative as far as the X-rays, but they just want -- it was a sprained foot, so they just want to keep it calm, so that's what it is.

Q. Coach, before the game you talked about ACU being a good three-point-shooting team, 40 percent. Tonight you hold them to about 22 percent. Is that a victory in your game plan tonight?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, the one that we were worried about, the two guys were 5 and 15, and when you look, my man pulled up, he went 1 for 9, and there were a couple open. After we really guarded he took some tough ones, he missed ones that you all said, "He never misses that." But it's hard when you've got long players.

And then their center, Hayden, went 2 for 6, and we left him like twice, and he missed a couple open ones. But we're a team that tries to get you to drive because we can block shots. We want you to come to the rim. We don't want you just shooting threes.

Q. John, you're down one big already; what goes through your mind when you see Nick get undercut and go down?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, the two practices we had including the practice down here, very little contact, mainly because if we get another guy hurt, our staff is going to have to start playing. So you just say, we've got to do conditioning, we've got to do individuals, we've got to script five-on-0, but you can't really go at it. So when Nick went down, that's why I said, "Move your arm around." He did. "You're all right, rub some dirt in it. Let's get going. Let's go."

But yeah, we're down to seven, eight guys, and it makes it hard.

Q. You guys win the battle of the glass tonight 44 to 17. How happy were you with that stat line?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, we talked about it. We thought we had an advantage there mainly because of our size, and Reid's strength, and it was one of the things we said, if we're going to beat these guys, our rebounding has got to be really -- we've got to separate from them in that, so I thought we did it.

Q. Coach, just in a game like this, how important was your start to never really let ACU feel like they were in it and to kind of get on them early?
JOHN CALIPARI: In this tournament, it's really important. What happens when teams are desperate, they'll do stuff they don't usually do, and if you let a team hang around, something stupid, crazy, like what just happened, can happen.

But I'll tell you, after the first game, you know, every -- somebody told me almost every game today was like a hard-fought game. I don't really watch the games. And I expected this to be some of that unless we got to a good start, which we did, and we got out of the gate really guarding and blocking shots and did a pretty good job and shot a high percentage.

Q. Seton Hall and Wofford are playing right now, so what do you feel about a potential rematch about Seton Hall, and what will you and your team do differently to get a different outcome this time?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, if PJ doesn't play, we'll have work to do with either team, and let me tell you, there's no given that the Seton Hall, Wofford, they're both like -- Seton Hall already beat us. You talk about a well-coached team of veterans that just march through that league, and that league, when you talk about Greensboro, we played Greensboro. You know, they had like four teams in that league that could beat anybody in the country, and so we know how good that team is, too.

I'll go back and watch this game tape, and I'll wait to see who's going to win, and then I'll start watching tape on that team.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Jaylen and Jaren, how tough was it kind of adjusting to what Kentucky has personnel-wise?
JAYLEN FRANKLIN: It was pretty tough. We just couldn't make shots, shot 19 percent in the first half, and then the second half we pretty much shot 45 -- 45? Yeah, I guess. And just the first half, turning the ball over first half really hurt us.

JAREN LEWIS: Yeah, it's tough adjusting to all the length at the rim, and we knew what we had to do, it was just a tough challenge for us getting on the glass. But yeah, the turnovers killed us, and then we just couldn't see anything fall in the first half, so it was tough.

Q. Result notwithstanding, what was it like being out there and just kind of experiencing that and in this setting and this time of year?
JAREN LEWIS: I mean, it was a great experience being out there for March Madness and everything. It was great knowing it was the first time in our school's history, but at the end of the day, it stings losing like that and being me, Jaylen and Hayden's last game, it hurts, but it was a great experience, probably something we'll never forget.

JAYLEN FRANKLIN: Going off what Jaren said, it was a great experience. Something we'll never forget. Just knowing we were out there with Kentucky, one of the biggest schools in the nation and we were just out there competing.

Q. Kind of off what the guys said, not the start you guys would have wanted, but just what was it like watching this group of guys get to experience what they did tonight?
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, we couldn't score the basketball. I mean, that was the key. I thought we ran some good stuff there for a while, we just couldn't finish and we couldn't score. Honestly watching tape, I thought we could score if they didn't switch us 1 through 5, but Coach Cal knows what he's doing. It's obvious. He's got really good players, and he's won a ton of games. They switched 1 through 5 and we couldn't see the rim.

That was the frustrating part, I think, but when you look overall at the game, I was really proud of our guys and the way they competed in the second half. It'd been real easy to lay down. Kentucky doesn't have their bench, with guys hurt. They're continuing to play the same dudes that played the whole game. I thought we did much better in the second half of competing, and we seen the ball go gown. So I was proud of them the way they finished.

Listen, these two and Farquhar, these three seniors, they're going to be celebrated at Abilene Christian for the rest of their lives. They're first ones to ever do it. There will be second, there will be a third, but there'll never be a first. We're going to celebrate these guys and we're going to have a lot of fun celebrating when we get back to Abilene.

It meant a lot. When I looked up there, we had more people in Jacksonville, Florida than at our game back home. I'm telling you we had more people tonight and that meant the world to me. Abilene Christian and March Madness filling up a whole section. If you know where our program came from, that's really, really awesome.

Q. Nearly a thousand dollars have been raised on a GoFundMe page for those ripped pants. What are your thoughts on that?
JOE GOLDING: Well, the suit is done. We are going to retire it. It wasn't very good luck tonight, man. It's been a heck of a run with it all year.

We are going to do something fun with that money. I'm obviously not going to spend that money on a suit. I'm going to find a charity or something out there and we'll figure it out.

Q. This has been one of the best seasons AC has ever had. I'm emotional because I'm going to be leaving you as a senior and I'm glad you waited until this year to do it. I've been enjoying covering it. But just talk about this season overall. You've broken a lot of records, a lot of firsts. Just talk about the emotions of this season.
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, it's the second year we've been eligible for postseason play. This is just beginning. This is the beginning, man, it happened really fast. I'm really glad our university can experience this. I'm glad our players can. It's going to help our program. It's going to help recruiting and going to help our university exposure from it. We're going to celebrate it.

But I think it was the best season in ACU history. I don't think it was one of the best, I think it was the best season in school history, and we're going to celebrate those three seniors and this team like it was the best because they deserve it.

Q. Not to close the book too quickly on this year, but what does this do for you next year and down the road to bring back a group of guys that got to experience this?
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, I mean, time will tell with that, but we have a bunch of young kids back. We're also losing three really good seniors, but we've got some good young kids back. We've got to recruit, losing those two four, five weeks ago made recruiting a little bit different now. We've got to go sign four guys, we thought we were just signing two.

We've built this on high school kids and a culture and really developing, evaluating talent and trying to develop, and so we might have to get creative in recruiting here through grad transfers, JuCo or something, but we're not going to change who we are, and I think our program is going to move forward just like our university is going to move forward.

I think our president and board, they had a plan. They wanted to put ACU on the national map and for the last 48 hours we were, and a lot of that is due to the University of Kentucky. We owe the University of Kentucky a lot, for being able to have the opportunity to compete with them, and when they talked about Kentucky, they learned about Abilene Christian, and that's what I'm most excited about.

We've got a university that we're really proud of. It's good people there. It's a good school. It's good academics, it's a great town, and I'm glad it was celebrated the last three days.

Q. Just again to clarify on the suit, this is the suit you're wearing, the one that was ripped, and did you get that repaired or managed your way through it, keeping it hidden from everybody?
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, I just wore the jacket tonight. If you knew me well, I don't usually wear the jacket very long but I kept it on today. But yeah, there is a hole in there. There's no question about that. Obviously it got a lot of sound bite, and I'm glad it brought some attention to our university, but I want to make sure moving forward that this team is celebrated. It's not my hole in my pants, it's our team, and it's our university because they deserve it, man. These guys have been incredible, man. I'm fortunate to coach them. They took me on a hell of a ride, one that I'll never forget the rest of my life. And you know, and again on the pants, we'll do something with it. We'll have a little bit of fun and hopefully we can raise some money for a charity or something down the road.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Fletcher, could you talk about when you guys got on the -- after Nathan made two threes and then you followed it in the corner from the same spot that you had hit your two previous threes, were you just kind of feeling it there? Because you had a decent lead, you didn't let much shot clock expire. Was that more of a feeling-it type thing?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I think so. I knew that we had a lot of momentum going for us, and me and Nate were kind of feeding off each other at that point. We ran the same play to get it over there, and I felt like I was pretty open, so I decided to let it go.

Q. Follow-up for Cameron: Could you give me what you feel is the distance that Fletcher will not go much beyond that to take a shot, like 26, 27? What number would you put on it that, OK, that's a little bit much?
CAMERON JACKSON: I don't know. The kid can shoot it, so when he's open, I'm happy when he shoots it. I don't want to cap him. Whenever he wants to stop, he can stop, but I'm going to let him do his job and just hit threes.

Q. Fletcher, can you just describe the moment when you hit the three that broke the record? Everyone was already standing on their feet before you even made the basket, right when you want to shoot it. I was wondering if you were aware of the crowd and if you could describe your emotions?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I was aware of it just from the media and everyone texting me and stuff, and saying I had three more. So when I hit it, I definitely noticed the crowd was louder than just the normal three in the second half.

But I feel like I didn't caught too caught up in it. It was a close game. I was just focused on doing whatever I could to help us continue to stretch our lead and win down the stretch. I feel like I was aware of it, but I just kind of blocked it out and tried to focus on winning.

Q. For the three players, what does it mean to be part of the first tournament victory in school history?
NATHAN HOOVER: Oh, it means a lot to all of us, but we know we can't get caught up in the moment. We can enjoy it right now, but we know we have a lot of preparation to do and we're going to have a very tough game today. We know we came here to win and we came here to make it as far as we can, so we're just going to get ready for Saturday.

Q. Fletcher, could you just talk a little bit about how tough Seton Hall's defenders really made it for you, particularly Myles Cale, No. 22, and you didn't seem to be forcing the issue very much in terms of getting frustrated and forcing up a shot.
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, they did a good job, especially in the first half, of just topping me and kind of making it hard to get the ball. But that's when Cam was playing amazing in the first half. Everyone else on our team was stepping up and doing a lot of things, so I knew that there was no need to rush it or take bad shots. We were still controlling the game.

In the second half they went more to the match-up zone and there was some more open looks in the second half.

Q. For all the players, have you guys watched Kentucky on TV this year? What are your impressions and what do you expect from them Saturday?
CAMERON JACKSON: We've definitely watched Kentucky. They're on TV all the time. They're a very talented team. They've got a lot of guys that can score the ball. They're very athletic. So it's going to be a tough game. But we're welcoming the challenge.

Q. Coach, how gratifying was it for you in the first half to watch your team go on a 13-0 run and not have Fletcher score at all?
MIKE YOUNG: I didn't know that, but we've seen that so many times. We didn't play our second bunch as much as we typically do. But we've got a really talented team and a number of guys that can score. The big guy down there -- any time you can surround a person like Cameron with a number of guys that can crank it, and we've got a bunch of those, you'll be hard to guard.

But I wasn't aware of that. Can't say I was surprised, but gratifying, yeah. On that stage, that's a big deal. Enjoyable.

Q. This is for Coach, Fletch and Nate: The team seems to react differently to Cameron being the senior leader. What is it like having him on the floor, calming everyone down in those moments of chaos and stress and having that kind of leadership on the floor?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I think it's great. Cam definitely settles us down in tough times, and we know we can throw the ball in to him. He's going to either get a great shot for us or pass -- he's going to get a great shot for himself or pass it out. And then in the huddles, just talking, communicating the important things, I feel like he does a great job of just making sure that we're calm and ready for the next play.

Q. Mike, what is it about your team that you guys finished the game on a big run? It seems like you never get rattled and frazzled at the end.
MIKE YOUNG: No, man, I've seen it. We haven't had a lot of close games. But I think back to Greensboro, Sanford down six with 50 seconds to play. They never have that look about them like we've got a problem. You know, Seton Hall takes a stab at us, take the lead, was never an air of panic, never an air of, oh, my God, we've got a problem. Next possession, next best action. Figure it out. And they've done it time and time and time again.

So comforting as a coach to be able to just manage the team. You're not trying to encourage them. You're not trying to lift their spirits. You're coaching the team, what's next, what are we looking at. That's a big deal.

Q. Mike, obviously we knew that the record was going to come at some point tonight for Fletcher, but to have it come in a tournament game, how gratifying is that for you as a coach to have that all wrapped up into one special night?
MIKE YOUNG: Really, really neat. Really neat. And what you don't see, what you don't have a pulse of is how uncommon he is and how hard he's worked time and time and time again in that gym. I go over often to watch film. I enjoy it, no phones, and I can't tell you how many times I walk in that gorgeous building of ours and there's a ball bouncing, and I know it's him. 9:00 at night, 10:00 at night, and he's not messing around. He's going at it, getting better.

So proud of him, and I can't begin to tell you what a pleasure he has been to coach and be a part of our program.

Q. Fletcher, being two hours from home, what was the final head count for friends and family members who showed up?
FLETCHER MAGEE: It was definitely a lot. I'd say probably around like 50 people or so.

MIKE YOUNG: More than that.

FLETCHER MAGEE: Maybe 75 people. I don't know, I had a lot of some of my high school friends and teammates came, pretty much all my family that lives in Orlando, and just a lot of people that I've grown up with and seen along the way, they all came here to support me. So it was really cool to have everyone come and for us to get the win like we did.

Q. Did you think it was even cooler to put on a show for them?
FLETCHER MAGEE: That definitely didn't hurt, either.

Q. This is also for Fletcher but a little different: Obviously your teammates set good screens for you and all that and you're the most prolific three-point shooter, so you know how hard it is to work to get open. Did you feel defensively you guys made it hard for Powell to do his thing? It took him 25 shots to get his points.
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, absolutely. Our game plan was to load over and to really make it tough on him and frustrate him. I feel like we did a decent job as a team. I know he ended up getting 27 on us, but we did a decent job as a team of making his points hard. He hit a lot of tough shots on us.

When the guards got beat off the dribble, the bigs are coming up and helping over. So it was definitely a collective effort by everyone on the team to limit his points or at least make it as hard as we could.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Alex, what's the feeling with the team down 18 early in the second half? You guys obviously made the comeback. What's the feeling there, and what did you do to get back in the game?
ALEX COPELAND: I'm so proud of this group and just the fight that we showed. We were in the locker room at halftime, and I think we were a little down for a moment, but we all kind of came together and told each other, look, we can do this. We can fight back. We've been down before, and to come out and battle back like that and put on a show for our fans that were here and that were watching us across the country feels amazing. I think it's just a testament to the guys we have in this locker room.

Q. Obviously Miye had a tough day out there defensively. Do you think that had more to do with their defense, and how were you able to keep it so close with him having only five points?
BLAKE REYNOLDS: Well, I mean, I said this yesterday in our press conference, but I think we have a lot of weapons on our team that can contribute on any given night. So on a night when one guy, like tonight maybe Miye maybe struggled a little bit from the floor, his teammates were there to pick him up and help our team score points.

Any given night anyone on our team can hurt you, and I think that's what made our team so special this year.

Q. Blake, I'm sure you knew what to expect from LSU, but was there anything about their size and athleticism that maybe took you aback at the start of the game or was it more or less what you expected in terms of their overall talent?
BLAKE REYNOLDS: Yeah, you know, coming from playing in our league to playing an SEC team definitely very athletic and very strong inside. We knew they were going to be relentless on the glass tonight, and they were. And I think we did a fairly good job of battling them on the boards. But yeah, definitely real big and strong down there, but I thought we fought hard.

Q. Blake, you made a basket with just over eight minutes left to cut LSU's lead to seven and over the next five and a half minutes you guys only cut their lead to two. They didn't score much. Do you think looking back that's a part that's going to frustrate you, that y'all had a chance in that period, that part of the game and couldn't really make it a one or two-point game?
BLAKE REYNOLDS: Right, yeah. Through that stretch we were really doing a good job on defense. We were switching the ball screens and I think that kind of frustrated them. Yeah, that's a portion of the game that I'm going to think about a lot, looking back on it, that we couldn't quite take the lead or quite get over the hump there.

But you know, hats off to LSU; they played solid defense, and they held us limited on offense there during that stretch.

Q. Bigby-Williams, he's not always the one people focus on, but LSU is undefeated when he has a double-double, and he had four blocks, and changes shots. What were the problems he created for you, No. 11?
JAMES JONES: Well, he's a big long center and obviously he's going to clog up the paint a little bit, made it hard for us to get at the rim, and he was able to score and we fouled him a little bit, as well. Any time you get a guy that goes for a double-double that's going to put a bite in the works in terms of what you're able to do to be successful, and he had a nice game for them, and so you've got to tip your hat.

Q. James, with Miye, what do you think it was with him today? Obviously LSU did a good job on him, but he just never seemed to get on track, and how hard is it to win a game without him having a big game?
JAMES JONES: Yeah, my son is 13, and he's a big James Harden fan, and every time James Harden plays, it would be the first quarter, and James Harden will be 1 for 9, and he'll be like, "James Harden sucks. He stinks. He can't play."

So you're going to have games where you knock the ball in and you don't. You guys all watch the game, like Miye had open shots that just didn't go down. And he's hit tougher shots than he had tonight that he missed.

Did they do a good job on him defensively? Certainly they worked hard to try to limit him. But he's good enough to get good shots, and I thought we thought we got good shots for him, and they just didn't fall down tonight, so sometimes that's going to happen to you, and you've just got to live with it.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Wofford - 84, Seton Hall - 68

Q. Kevin, I know you've talked all year long about how proud you are of these young men, and I know that doesn't change. What do you think went wrong tonight, but also what will you take away from this year when the disappointment finally ebbs a little bit?
KEVIN WILLARD: I just think that's a heck of a basketball team we played. When you have a senior-laden team like they do, who's extremely well-coached, you're going to have to play really good to beat them. And we just turned the ball over in the first half. That really kind of put us behind the 8-ball and gave them too many opportunities.

But these guys have left it on the floor all year long. I love the way they've battled. Couldn't be more proud of the season we've had, and couldn't be more proud of them as individuals. It's always tough to lose, but that was a good basketball team that played really well.

Q. Mike, I saw you the start of the second half, you sort of commanded the huddle there. This was obviously your last game. What's the emotions going through your mind right now?
MICHAEL NZEI: I mean, I never wanted this to come to an end, but you always make plans, and sometimes it doesn't happen. But I'm just thankful for my teammates for fighting with me throughout this journey and like sticking by my side. I feel like we came out today, we gave all we could, and it didn't go our way, but we've just got to keep our head up. There's always more road on this journey. So I'm really happy for these guys. I know they'll have a bright future, and I can't wait to see what they're all going to achieve.

Q. Myles, what will you take from Mike, playing with him for three years and just learning from him, the player he is on the court and the person he is off the court? What are you going to take away from that?
MYLES POWELL: Mike is a great guy. Our journey goes on past just these three years. When Mike came over here, we played AAU together for New Jersey players. This is my blood brother right here, we're not just teammates. We're still going to talk. He's still going to help me lead this team from afar. Just because he's not here, I know the person Mike is. He's still going to be with us. When you let a guy like this go, it hurts, but like I said, I know Mike is still going to be with us.

Q. Mike, what do you think of this team, this group's potential next year? And what kind of legacy do you want to leave them with?
MICHAEL NZEI: I mean, we could start from the point of expectations people had for this team. Everyone thought it was a group of young guys, but these young guys showed they got heart and they showed they could fight. I look at them and I know the ceiling is so high, and I feel like this year for them is just a building and a learning year, and as time goes for next year, I believe a lot of the potential is going to come out fully, and I feel like from this point you're going to see a team of mature guys, and I believe they're going to keep fighting as time goes on and they're developing.

Q. Myles, this game was pretty similar individually for you in a lot of ways, slow first half and then you come alive in the second half. When you got going in the second half, does it feel a little like déjà vu, kind of the way you've been willing the team in the past couple games, that this was going to be the start of it again when you guys took the lead there?
MYLES POWELL: I mean, we've been in this situation all year, backs been against the wall. Our coaching staff did a great job just telling me to relax and telling me that the game was going to come to me. My teammates had my back, my coaching staff had my back, and it's been like this all year. So when you have a group of guys like that, that's always picking you up, it's kind of hard to lack confidence. I love this group.

Q. Myles, just to continue with that, how hard did Wofford make it on you? You've seen it all year, but how much did they make you work for what you had tonight?
MYLES POWELL: Like you said, I've been seeing this all year, but they did a good job. They're well-coached over there. They have a group of seniors. They know what they wanted to do. It seemed like every time I drove the ball they were collapsing or if I was coming off pick-and-rolls they was double-teaming. They made it hard for me tonight, and yeah.

Q. Kevin, what can your underclassmen learn from this?
KEVIN WILLARD: Yeah, I mean, the biggest thing is what I just talked to them about was seeding. Seeding really matters. You know, when I watched them on film, I knew this was probably going to be the best team we played all year, to be honest with you, just because they were so balanced inside and out, they run good stuff, they're much better defensively than they look.

So I think the biggest thing going forward is we've got to make sure we don't hurt ourselves and take advantage of opportunities, and try to get better seeding because after three -- the last three weeks has been an emotional roller coaster, knowing that we've had to win games, playing three tough, hard-nosed games in the Big East Tournament. You get a 10 seed, you're going to play against a really, really good team, and that's a really good team.

Q. Defensively how much of that was Wofford being great, how much of it was something you would have liked to have seen you guys do differently on the perimeter?
KEVIN WILLARD: I mean, they're going to make shots. They just are. My biggest fear came true, was that Jackson was going to take over the game, and I thought the biggest difference in the game was obviously, A, we turned the ball over. But B, early in the game, he settled them down. He got them going, and that was my biggest fear going into this game was that he's a guy that doesn't get talked a whole lot about, but he's a guy, you look at the plus/minus, and he was plus 27. He kind of got them going and made some big buckets, got an and-one, and I really thought he was the difference in the game, believe it or not.

They made some threes during their run, but we were shot. But he was the difference in the first half, and I thought he was really a difference in the game.

Q. Kevin, you said before we got here that you thought the country knew about Myles, but you expected them to get a bigger taste of it when we got here. Seeing what he did in the second half, about what he's done the past couple weeks, I guess, how impressed are you just in big moments with what he's been able to do?
KEVIN WILLARD: Yeah, again, I think I've said this a thousand times. I'm not that impressed at all, to be honest with you because I've seen it so much. It's the way he plays in practice, it's the way he works in individual instruction. I thought he took a huge jump this year in his game from a standpoint of being a main guy. But nothing that he does out there ever kind of -- I sit there and go, oh, geez. It's what he does all the time. I guess that's my answer.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Maryland - 79, Belmont - 77

THE MODERATOR: Coach, if you could, just opening comments about what turned out to be a fantastic basketball game today.

MARK TURGEON: Yeah, it was a terrific game. I'm just really proud of my team. We were unbelievably resilient. We didn't shoot the ball well in the first half. They made some shots. They're a heck of a team. We beat a really good team today. And then we were really good to finish the half and really good to start the half, and then Windler went crazy making some really tough shots.

I think obviously they're extremely well coached. But we got down four, Darryl hit a big three in the corner, cut it to one, and I felt pretty good about things.

You know, we've really been working on turnovers; we had five turnovers for the game. We had two against the press in the first half, and so we only had two in the second half, so we really did a terrific job there.

There's a reason they're the second-highest scoring team in the country. They're almost impossible to guard. Fortunately for us, we got the big man, I won't even try to say his last name, in foul trouble, and I think that helped us guard them a little better during certain stretches. But I thought Bruno was great against the double-team, I thought Darryl was terrific all night, Eric hit some good shots, and Stix (Smith) just wouldn't be denied, he just kept getting offensive rebounds. We had a size advantage there and we took advantage of it, and just a great win.

I told the guys, just an honor and a privilege to be a part of a game like that this time of a year, and to come out on top makes it real special.

Q. Darryl, you had several huge plays down the stretch, put Maryland on top. How were you able to come through this, especially after Belmont had rallied back? How were you able to keep things going the last couple minutes?
DARRYL MORSELL: Just mental toughness. It's something we harp on all the time as a team. We've got to be mentally tough to win these type games.

Q. What did you see on the last steal with two seconds to go?
DARRYL MORSELL: Coaches were screaming, "Back door!" I kind of knew it was coming, but Eric was right here, he got his hand on the ball, which helped me a lot, and I got the steal.

Q. Darryl, did you miss that on purpose to set up the long shot, or did you not hit the free throw?
DARRYL MORSELL: No, I just missed that. I didn't miss it on purpose. They iced me.

Q. It's the first game you all played in the tournament; what was the environment like? How was it getting adjusted to it, and when did you guys really feel like this was your time?
BRUNO FERNANDO: It felt great to be out there, just to be able to play, like we say all the time, we've got to be happy and excited. This time of year not a lot of teams get to play and be here today. We just got a win and we passed to the next round.

So it felt great to be out there and just play as a team. I think we did a lot of great things on the court like Coach already mentioned and just had fun. I think we had a lot of fun out there tonight on the floor and just helped each other win.

Q. Bruno, you seemed to have great awareness of the double-teams coming; how much preparation did you do, and how did you hear them coming so quickly?
BRUNO FERNANDO: The past two days when we practiced, every time all year we've been doing a lot of double-teams in our practice, so I got used to it. Their double-team was a lot different today. They came like, the pass wasn't here and right there was the double-team. So I have to make sure I'm patient and I see the double-team coming and find the open guy every time.

Q. Darryl, how difficult was it to stay in front of Windler? Some of the shots he hit were step-back threes from 30 feet. What is it like when you play against a guy like that? And also did that make you aggressive on offense? You seemed to really want to go back at him.
DARRYL MORSELL: Dylan Windler is a phenomenal player. He can score at all three levels. Today he found his rhythm early. He was hitting some big shots, some step-backs, some fadeaways. But I just stuck with it. My teammates, Bruno, Eric, Anthony, all them kept picking me up going, telling me, "Keep guarding, keep guarding, we're going to find a way to win this game."

And offensively I just tried to find ways to impact the game. I seen them double-teaming Bruno. That gave me opportunities to cut in the lane. Was getting stops defensively, which allowed me to get out in transition and stuff. It's just a credit to my teammates for all the success I had.

Q. Darryl, what do you think of the match-up with LSU? Have you seen them play or know any of their players?
DARRYL MORSELL: We watched a little bit of them before we came over here. I know they did real well in the SEC. Right now we're just going to enjoy this win. We'll talk with Coach Turgeon and the coaches later tonight about LSU, but right now, us guys, this is our first postseason win, so we're going to enjoy this.

Q. Eric, early in the game when Maryland was trailing, you got a lot of the offensive load. Is that something that you're used to taking? There were a lot of hard takes to the basket. And then playing the primary point guard, you had some very balanced scoring. Can you talk about your first-half takes to the basket and how you distributed the ball in the second half?
ERIC AYALA: Just playing a well-rounded game, just letting the game come to me. My teammates and my coaches trust me to go out there, do what I'm capable of, and whatever I can do to help us win, winning is at the forefront for me, so whether that's rebounding, passing, defending, I'll do whatever to help us win.

Q. Mark, I wonder personally how much pressure you might feel in such a game that comes down to essentially a possession?
MARK TURGEON: Pressure because the game is close?

Q. The tournament --
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, you get second-guessed pretty good this time of year, so you want to do all the right things. But no, I'll tell you what, I feel so lucky just to be a part of a game like that. You work your whole life to be a part of it. Any game you can win in this tournament is great, and just -- I'm just so proud of my group. We gutted it out. We just kept battling, we kept battling, we kept battling. We played with great poise offensively. Defensively down the stretch we were just good enough.

Yeah, is my heart rate like I'm sleeping? No. But I just love it. I just love it. It's so much fun.

Q. Talk about Jalen's second half playing with fouls and also sort of basically taking over inside, which we haven't seen a lot this year in some games, but on this kind of stage, how big was that for him and obviously how did it translate to the end of the game?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, so you're from Baltimore, you can write a heck of an article: Our B-more guys stepped up today. They were terrific.

You know, we tried to get Stix going early, which he did. He got out on the break, we ran a couple plays for him. He had a huge size advantage, and then you add the length of his arms, and he probably had a foot advantage on that kid. He just wouldn't be denied. We were able to break them down with penetration. We got in the lane a lot tonight, whether it was through the post or through whatever.

And they're a great box-out team, one of the best things they do is box out, limit second-chance points, and Stix just wouldn't be denied. He was terrific, and finished and played with strength. We've been beating on Stix for eight weeks trying to make him tougher. He got extra weight -- right before he left town he got an extra weight workout, and it showed up today. It takes time when your nickname is Stix, but he played with great toughness.

Q. It took until about I think the under-eight time-out for you guys to get kick-started a little bit. What were some adjustments you really had to take from that point on in the first half?
MARK TURGEON: You're talking about the first half? Yeah, we couldn't make a shot, and it's the way it's been for us. You know, we missed five lay-ups and probably six wide-open threes, okay, maybe eight wide-open threes.

Early in the year that might have affected our defense. It didn't affect our defense. That team is too good for us to let down defensively. So we kept trying to guard. We knew it was going to come, and we made some plays right before half. I think that gave us confidence going into halftime, and then we started the second half terrific, which we've done a lot this year.

It is what it is. You know, I watched their game against Temple; it was back and forth, one team would go on a run, another team would go on a run. It was a little bit like that today. It's college basketball. But my guys were resilient and really dialed in. We played well. We played well to win. Don't think that we didn't play well. No, we played really well to win this game.

Q. Most of this team had never been in a tournament game. How do you get them prepared for that, and how do you get them ready to go through this type of battle?
MARK TURGEON: Well, obviously we didn't play well in our last game, so we've been pretty motivated practice-wise, and then everybody was predicting that we would lose, and that motivates you a little bit. It's not fair to Belmont that people don't know a lot about basketball are picking them to beat us. So we were highly motivated, and this time of year, you lose, you go home, so you stick together. We stuck together. Our leadership, for such a young team, our communication and belief throughout the game was tremendous.

Q. To win a game when Anthony shoots 3 of 18, what does that say about the team? And what other things did Anthony do that helped?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, so Anthony I think had five assists, one turnover, if I'm correct. Yeah, six assists, one turnover, so he helped there. He really defended McClain. I don't know what McClain ended up with, 19 points. But man, he had to earn it. He got seven at the line, okay.

So Anthony was terrific, and we all believe in Anthony. We think he's going to make his next one. He made a three, he ran a play for him, got another wide open three and he missed it. That's how much I believe in him, even though at the time he was probably 3 for 16. So it does mean a lot when he plays like that and we still beat a really good team. It should give us confidence for the next one.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Tre, how far did you grow up from Yale in New Haven? And did you ever as a kid maybe think about playing there?
TREMONT WATERS: Yeah, I grew up about -- like if I had a strong enough arm, I could probably throw a rock to Yale's basketball facilities.

Growing up playing basketball, I didn't necessarily think about playing them in the tournament, but it's a great feeling to be able to make it this far and be able to play against someone who's from back home.

Q. I've heard you played some pickup games against some of those guys when you were in high school. Do you remember any of them?
TREMONT WATERS: I used to play on the same AAU team as Azar Swain and Jordan Bruner. He was a guy that was on his way there like to start his school process, but he had sat out one year, so we had put up a couple shots together. Nothing crazy, but yeah.

Q. This team, their starting five has four players that average double-digit scoring. They're a high-flying scoring offense as you guys are. How do you guys plan to keep up, or is the mindset kind of the same, you're going to try to stay the same and score, as well?
SKYLAR MAYS: Yeah, it's going to be a big challenge for us. You know, when you see that balance on the scoring end, that means they really pass the ball well, so everybody is a weapon. We're just going to try to stick to our defensive principles and try to make shots hard for them.

TREMONT WATERS: Yeah, obviously like when you come into this type of environment, you've got to play against guys who either push the ball, slow it down. It's just a bunch of type of different offensive schemes and defensive schemes. We can't shy away from what we've been doing as a program, we've just got to continue to do what our jobs are and just keep doing what we do.

Q. Miye Oni, obviously a scorer, the leader of this team. What have you seen from him on film and what makes him so difficult to guard?
SKYLAR MAYS: He's a great player. He's been an integral part of a team that's made it to the NCAA Tournament, so you can tell the talent that he brings, and he's unbelievable in transition. So we're going to try to keep him out of that, and again, just try to make shots hard for him.

Q. What have you guys learned from the SEC Tournament? Obviously that loss against Florida. What have you guys done over the last week to try and pre-prepare and refocus, especially know that Will Wade is not going to be here?
TREMONT WATERS: All season we've been saying, we are a family, we are going to grow together. Keep pushing through everything, all that adversity that's been thrown at us. But nothing has changed since the Florida game. It was a game that we lost. We didn't execute down the stretch, and we know that we have to come together as a family even more now because we don't have our head coach.

Coach Benford is our new head coach and everyone respects that. We totally loved the change of Coach Benford being there, Coach GH, Coach Armstrong. But like we say, we've just got to come together, just be one and not let anything break us apart.

Q. Not having your head coach, has it bonded you guys as a closer unit? What has it done to bring you guys closer as a basketball team?
SKYLAR MAYS: Yeah, you know, the ideal family is when one person is down, the other person has to pick them up. The huge part of our team and Coach Wade, with him being out, we knew that we'd have to come together even more, and we probably didn't show it as much in the Florida game, but looking at that film and learning from that loss, we understand that's going to be a big part of us being able to move further down in this tournament and getting past Yale.

Q. Now that y'all have worked with Coach Tony and Heiar and Armstrong as that collective co-coaches unit for a couple of weeks now, how are you getting used to that in terms of only having it for one day for the first game?
TREMONT WATERS: Well, they were a part of our coaching staff before, they were just an extension of Coach Wade, but now that Coach Benford is our actual head coach now, everyone is looking towards him, and he's putting a lot of -- not pressure, but he's putting a lot of trust into the players now and just holding each other accountable more because when Coach Wade was the coach, he had more say so. But now that we know we don't have him, everyone has been coming together. We've been in the gym shooting a lot more. Like we've been doing a lot of things together without the coaching staff pretty much forcing us to do it, like throughout practice and stuff.

I would just say that they're giving us a lot more freedom to see what we're going to do, and I would say we've stepped up to the challenge. We know that games aren't going to be easy. We've just got to go out, fight together and be brothers.

Q. Kind of following that up, with all the off-the-court stuff, how much do you guys think about that other than when you're in press conference here? During the day between practices, between games, is it on your mind, and does it anger you what people say about the program and about your coach?
SKYLAR MAYS: I think there's been a lot of outside stuff throughout the year and we've done a great job of keeping that stuff outside. You know, once we step on the court, and I think our record shows that. We should be able to continue to do that, and me and Tremont as leaders, we trust all these guys, and we've developed a great bond over the year, and we expect that bond to keep us together on the court.

Q. Obviously this is a different team than Florida, Florida more of a slow-it-down type of offense, and this one more of a high-speed offense. Coach Benford talked about how paint touches would be more important in this game. Without giving away the game plan, what do you think is an important to do in a game like this where it could be a shootout down the stretch?
TREMONT WATERS: I would say we have to get back in transition because Oni, he's a beast in transition. He likes to push the ball, get out, and their point guard, No. 3, he pushes the ball a lot, and as long as we're able to stop those two guys and pretty much play everyone else inside, then I feel like we have a pretty good chance to win the game.

Q. Skylar, I don't know if you saw, but ESPN rated all the coaches by their playing ability, and Coach Benford rated pretty high. Has he ever told you about what a great player he was, and does he still have any game?
SKYLAR MAYS: Yeah, he brings up how back in the day he got drafted by the Celtics, I believe, and said he was kicking butt back in the '80s. But he doesn't dwell on it too much. It was a long time ago.

Q. I don't know if you got asked this earlier, but being from New Haven, what do you know about Yale? Did you get recruited by Yale? Did you consider them? Some of the guys said you might play pick-up games.
TREMONT WATERS: Yeah, like I said before, if I had a strong enough arm, I could probably throw a rock to Yale's basketball facilities. That's where I started playing basketball. My dad got a membership to Payne Whitney gym, and it was like the local -- not local but the facility where everyone could go in, if you had a membership. So that's where I started. Actually one of my basketball videos, like my training videos is actually in their gym, and that's when I wasn't being recruited by them, so it wasn't a violation or anything.

Yeah, I just grew up playing there. Now that Azar Swain goes there, I actually grew up playing basketball with him for the CT Elite Basketball Club, and just knowing that I'm from New Haven and that this team is from New Haven, it's an honor to be able to play them in the first game of the March Madness NCAA Tournament.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, a few thoughts on the last weeks and how it's gone for your basketball team.

TONY BENFORD: Yeah, first of all, our guys have been great. They've been working extremely hard. We've had some great practices the last few days, really focused, especially after the SEC Tournament. After the loss to Florida, we gave the guys a couple of days off. Came back, had two really, really, I think, spirited practices. The guys are focused, looking forward to the opportunity to play here in the NCAA Tournament against a very quality Yale team, and we'll be prepared to play tomorrow.

Q. Naz Reid is a local guy for us. What's his development been like on and off the court?
TONY BENFORD: Great. I'll tell you what, I was just talking to another media person about Naz. Naz has lost 30 points since he joined us in June, and he's worked extremely hard. Out strength coach has done a great job with him. We all know about his skill set, but he's been very coachable, he's got a high IQ, he absorbs the scouting reports and our film sessions. He's really good, and I'll tell you what, with our big guys he's like a coach on the floor with our big guys. He's been good defensively. That's one area I think he's really improved is defensively. He's able to guard ball screens. You'll see Naz, we'll match him up sometimes on the wings. He's guarding 6'4", 6'5" wings.

I've been really pleased. He should be a lottery pick, in my opinion. I don't see how guys pass on a guy with that size and that skill set.

Q. Tony, given the unforeseen circumstances of the season, being thrown in so late, what does it mean having been a head coach so recently? Do you think it would be -- has it made the adjustment easier for you? And if you hadn't been, would it have been more difficult?
TONY BENFORD: That's a good question. First of all, we have a quality group. What I mean, a group of character kids, and they've really bought in. They've really taken ownership of their team. They've had to unfortunately go through a lot of adversity this year, losing one of their teammates in Wayde Sims, and that really made these guys a tighter knit group, brought them closer together, more trust and respect for one another, and it made easier for us to coach them. They dedicated the season to Wayde Sims. That's the reason we were able to win in overtime. Had six overtime games in the league and we were 5-1 in those games because of the closeness of this group.

For me to step in, Coach Wade really delegates a lot to our coaching staff. We have a great staff - Greg Heiar, who is ready to be a head coach. He was at Wichita State. He does a tremendous job. Then Bill Armstrong, who was in the SEC for 13 years. That's made it easier, having really good -- I say we're co-coaches but really other good coaches on the staff, and that's helped our transition and our relationship with our players.

Q. Following that up, how difficult has it been for you to not only try to coach a basketball team obviously but keep players focused on basketball as opposed to everything swirling around the program?
TONY BENFORD: Well, first of all, we talk about narrow focus, narrowing our focus, controlling -- we can't control the outside noise and what's going on. All we can control is our locker room and our huddle, and the players, they've taken ownership of the locker room. They're holding everyone accountable, their teammates accountable, too. So that's huge when you can narrow your focus. Kind of have to have tunnel vision and put blinders on. But they're aware of what's going on on the outside, but inside when we walk in those doors, hey, it's about preparing for -- for instance, Yale. We've got to prepare today, guys. We can't control what's going on on the outside.

Q. What are your thoughts about the program just being shown in such a negative light? And do you have any sense for what players think about it, but also what do you think about it?
TONY BENFORD: Well, I mean, in college athletics, things happen. That's just part of life, in any walk of life, any profession, things happen. So we can't worry about that right now. I'm just focused on these kids and making sure that we're prepared for Yale, and making sure that we're going to represent LSU the best way we can at this moment.

Q. I asked one of the players this: You saw ESPN ranked the coaches by their playing ability, and you ranked pretty high. You were not Chris Mullin, but one of the pretty good coaches in the tournament. I was just wondering if you had seen that, and what do you take from your playing days to help you relate to players and what they're going through and what they're thinking, that sort of thing?
TONY BENFORD: Yeah, that was about 100 pounds ago with that. But anyway, I saw that. One of my subs sent that to me.

But anyway, I had guys -- I played my senior year -- well, I played a couple years in the NCAA Tournament. I played at Texas Tech, and we lost a teammate, and I related this to my guys. We lost a teammate when I was in college while we were playing at the rec center on the floor, had a heart attack and died. That brought back -- I still stay in contact with those guys. That brought us closer together, that group that I played with. That's what I see with these guys. I shared my experience with these guys, and you can see like these guys have went through the adversity, obviously the adverse situation with losing Wayde that we've gone through there, a lot of people talk about being their brothers' keepers and all that stuff. These guys are living it. They are truly their brothers' keepers.

So we've got to continue to stay focused and continue to stay together.

Q. Tony, your history with the tournament, you know there's upsets happen in these early-round games. You're playing an early game tomorrow. What's your message to your team? How do you keep your team loose and not get tight as a top seed?
TONY BENFORD: Well, Yale is, first of all, they're well-coached. Coach Jones is a tremendous coach. He does a great job, and those guys are -- they have more experience. We have one guy that's been in the tournament. That's Kavell Bigby-Williams. They have five that have played in it just recently two years ago, and beat Baylor. They played Duke really, really close that second game I remember.

But you look at their numbers, they scare you. Offensively they're off the chart. They really push the basketball. But also defensively they're pretty sound. I think they're holding teams to 41 percent field goal percentage on defense. So they're a quality team.

But all we can control is what we do. We're not going to change a whole lot. That's one thing, I think, is we've kind of kept our routine the same. We've got to do a good job of pushing the tempo. They want to push the tempo. But we've got to do a good job, make sure we get back in transition defense and get to their shooters, and they've got some guys that can make some plays, obviously Oni and Copeland and Reynolds all can make plays.

So we've got to do a solid job defensively. We've got to be solid on our ball screen coverage, on the defensive end, and then we've got to rebound the ball, and then we've got to get on the glass. We're one of the best offensive rebounding teams in the country, so when a shot goes up, we've got to make sure we get on the glass, too, for the next possession.

Q. As a coach, you've obviously been thrown into a very unusual situation. How do you as a coach impart to 19, 20, 21-year-old kids trying to navigate this with all the outside noise that comes in with a situation like this? How have you handled that with them?
TONY BENFORD: Well, earlier I was just mentioning to a couple of the members in the chairs that we try to talk about today. We can't control what happened yesterday. But we're mindful of the fact that there's a lot of noise out there. You know that, but what we try to do is focus in on Yale right now. That's what we've done, preparing for Yale, and we've talked about that. Unfortunately guys have great leadership in Skylar Mays, Tremont Waters. You guys just visited with those guys. Kavell Bigby has been a great leader for us. So we just really try to have tunnel vision and just concentrate on the task at hand, and that's to play a really good Yale team.

Q. Has it become maybe a little bit easier now as time goes on, maybe I'm sure the first few days it happened, there might have been a little more of a chaotic feel to it, but has it become easier has time has moved on?
TONY BENFORD: Well, I don't know about easier, but it's helped, and I think we're settled into a routine I guess is the right answer to that. I think our guys -- we haven't changed our routine at all as far as our preparation and as far as the amount of time we spend with our guys and stuff. I don't think it's gotten easier, but the guys I think now are accustomed that Coach is not around right now. They're hearing my voice, Coach Heiar's voice and Coach Armstrong, and they understand that.

And then again, I just get back to the ownership. I think every championship team that I've been a part of, associated with, it's always about the players. Players have taken ownership of their teams, and that's the reason we were able to win the SEC championship is because of our players.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Nick, how have you prepared for the match-up with Bruno Fernando and Jalen Smith and just the physicality that bigs from the Big Ten bring to the game?
NICK MUSZYNSKI: That's kind of an everyday thing, that coaches are trying to get me to play more physical, play tougher, play more active, so I think that presents an awesome challenge. They're both really talented, great players, but that's something I need to work on this whole season. I think I've gotten better at it, but I still need to continue to work on it. So I think they just present even more challenge for me to just up my physicality and my activity defensively."

Q. Dylan, if a recruit is coming for a visit on your campus and that recruit asks you, "Tell me about Coach Byrd," what are you probably going to be telling him?
DYLAN WINDLER: I would just say he's one of the most down-to-earth guys I've met. You know, in recruiting, he's not throwing out this and that trying to get you to come. He wants to talk to you about your life and he wants to get to know more about you. He's a very personable man, very honest, and he teaches you life skills that you're going to take on with you for the rest of your life, something that you can't really take into account when you're picking a school. Those things really do matter, things off the floor as well as on the floor.

Q. As a follow-up, for Kevin, about 14 minutes to go in that game last night, and the TV cameras are catching Coach Byrd losing his mind. He is on you guys. Obviously Coach can't do that like all the time, but did you feel like in that moment that his outburst did anything to provide a spark, because it did seem like for a few minutes there you guys really got out of kilter?
KEVIN McCLAIN: Yeah, definitely him just getting on to us really put us back into gear and just it helped us to get ready to fight for the last 14 minutes.

Q. Kevin, this is an experience pretty close to home for you. First of all, how many times have you been able to see games here? Have you ever had a game you've been able to see here at the arena in Jacksonville?
KEVIN McCLAIN: No, I haven't. I came here a couple high school games and had little tournaments during the summer, but that's about it.

Q. No college games here?
KEVIN McCLAIN: No college games.

Q. What's it like to have I guess the closest thing to a home away from home college setting and being here in the NCAA Tournament?
KEVIN McCLAIN: I think it's great, just to be back home, and hopefully some of my family and friends get to come to the game and support me.

Q. What kind of whirlwind has it been, and what's the schedule been like the last 12, 16 hours for you guys? Anybody feeling any kind of tired legs or anything?
DYLAN WINDLER: Yeah, it's definitely been a big whirlwind, very quick turnaround, dealt with media after the game and then straight to the hotel, had about 20 minutes to pack our bags, got on the bus, hopped right on a flight, got back to the hotel about 4:00, 4:30 a.m., got to sleep at 5:00, woke up at noon, got about seven hours of sleep, had breakfast, did a little treatment, trying to keep our bodies right, and now we're already over here ready for another shootaround. Very quick turnaround. It's definitely something that can be hard to manage, especially with your body. I think a lot of guys experienced tired legs playing 35-plus minutes.

We're trying to do just everything we can to keep our bodies right and keep our legs fresh, but it's definitely very hard. I think I drank five full bottles of water on the flight last night.

Q. Coach Calipari just a few minutes ago called you guys the most dangerous team in America. A bunch of people including Jay Bilas have picked you to beat Maryland. Does this sort of ruin you being the underdogs and sneaking up on people?
DYLAN WINDLER: It can for sure. A lot of people have us winning a few games here, so I mean, obviously we're the higher seed as far as a Cinderella, but I guess it can take away from that a little bit. But we know ultimately we're still the underdog, and we're just going to do everything we can to win. I think it's going to be a lot of fun.

Q. Kevin or Nick, do you take anything the last few years from what VCU did, what Butler did, and say, I think VCU was an 11 seed and they went to the Final Four; do you look at the recent history of mid-majors making that kind of run?
KEVIN McCLAIN: Definitely. That just shows like questions like why not, why not us?

Q. Question for Nick: The game last night, 14-2 run by Temple in the first half, 21-5 run in the second half. What does it kind of say about you guys' collective mindsets that you didn't let a really bad spell get worse?
NICK MUSZYNSKI: Yeah, I mean, basketball is a game of runs, and we've been playing the game for a long time now. We understand that. I think this group is really tightly knit. We love to play. We love to play together. So we have to understand to weather that storm and to come back with an even bigger run or just settling that run is critical, and just not letting it get out of hand, playing within ourselves, and sometimes we don't do that, we get outside the offense or something like that, but Coach Byrd does a really good job of reining us back and making sure we're all playing together and making sure we're getting it done, going on and playing Belmont basketball.

Q. In any kind of a lighthearted moment that you might have with Coach Byrd, do any of you try to encourage him to expand on his wardrobe beyond the sleeveless sweaters?
DYLAN WINDLER: You know, he sticks to it. I think he's had a lot of success with it, so that's him, and I'm all for it.

Q. Really just for any of you, what does it mean to be able to have two teams from your conference in the tournament this year and have a bit more mid-major schools in the field this year?
KEVIN McCLAIN: It just proves that mid-majors belong in the tournament and further on in the history of the NCAA that mid-majors can make a big push in the tournament.

Q. Nick, I know you guys have played Purdue early in the year, which obviously Maryland plays them on a regular basis, and you played UCLA, beat UCLA. Is Maryland in your eyes what you see on tape, are they maybe the most physically gifted or talented team potentially that you've played?
NICK MUSZYNSKI: If I'm being completely honest with you, we actually haven't watched tape yet. We're probably going to do that after we shoot around or walk through their stuff, then we're going to actually go watch it to get a good visual concept of what they do.

But from what I've seen, yeah, they are. They're long, they're physical, they're athletic, they're well-coached. They're really good defensively. So those things can make it difficult.

But I think there's a lot of similarities between teams like them and UCLA and Purdue just with the way they defend, especially on the defensive end, and it's kind of the way we have to attack that. So yes and no, they're definitely up there. I don't know how they rank against UCLA or Purdue, but they definitely have their own strengths that make them a difficult match-up.

Q. Dylan, when you're not having a good scoring game like what was happening last night, how cognizant are you of that in the moment, and are you at least mindful, hey, if I'm not scoring, I've got to get rebounds, I've got to get a steal, I've got to do something to positively impact? And how comforting was it that Kevin picked that night to really go off and sort of make up for the void that you had from a scoring standpoint?
DYLAN WINDLER: Yeah, it just shows how dangerous this team is. You know, basketball is just like any other sport, you're going to have off-days. The ball is not always going to go in when you shoot. It's just one game, and just knowing that you have other teammates around you that can pick you up and score the ball when one of us isn't scoring it well. It happens to all of us, so you know. I always try to do anything I can to help my team win, whether that's getting rebounds, deflections, steals, anything that I can do, I'm always trying to help this team win. It's a team effort and that's the beauty of basketball; it's a team sport.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, if you could start us off with a statement, the whirlwind for your team to be here in Jacksonville today.

RICK BYRD: Yeah, it's been nonstop, really, since we were selected, and obviously it starts before then. We lose a championship game to Murray State, and it's a week long of speculation. As I've said a couple of times, I wouldn't ever choose it. We would like to beat Murray State every time we play them, but as it just turns out, that loss to Murray State has been a good thing for Belmont. I mean, the week-long talk about whether we should be in and a lot of notable basketball analysts really making a case for us, so the attention that Belmont University and our basketball program got all week and then got again when we were selected, and then had we won that championship, we would not be playing last night, and we'd have had a tough game right off the bat, and who knows if we'd have ever won our first NCAA Tournament.

In an odd way, losing a game, which is never something that I like in the least, turned out to be a good thing.

Q. John Calipari earlier called you guys the most dangerous team in America. How would you assess that?
RICK BYRD: (Laughing.) Sometimes I think they're the most dangerous team to me. Last night there was about three or four times when I was really disappointed with the way that we were playing. You think John's got a little hyperbole in him every now and then maybe. He's a great guy. I'll tell you, he's been a wonderful friend, for no reason, to me and our program.

I think our team is at a point where there's probably not a whole lot of people that want to play us. But I'm sure Maryland is not really very scared right now. I mean, they've got plenty of good basketball players that we don't -- the kind that we don't face, the length and the size and athleticism. We just don't face that but maybe once or twice a year.

Q. And just to follow up on that, a lot of people are picking you guys to win, Jay Bilas, a number of national typewriters and broadcasters. Does that sort of take the surprise factor out of it or in this day and age are there no more surprise teams?
RICK BYRD: You know, I didn't -- the only person I would have heard pick us was the Selection Show I heard Seth Davis say that. He's picked us before and been wrong.

Don't you think those guys have to pick a few upsets just to -- that's what they've got to do? Otherwise they wouldn't have shows. They'd just go by the seeds and that's who they'd have.

I'd like to think we're in the discussion, but they're a 6 and we're an 11 and they deserve that. They play in a rugged league, and they've been tested time and time and time again. We would be legitimately the underdog, but hopefully an underdog with a chance to win the game if we play well and they miss a few shots.

Q. What is the concern with the short turnaround from a tired legs standpoint, all that?
RICK BYRD: Yeah, that's a good question, and I don't have an answer for it. All these kids on both teams have played summer basketball, and they've played sometimes maybe even three games in a day and then turned around and played two the next day and all of that. I hope that -- when we go, we'll go out here and do shootaround stuff and then we'll go try to prepare after that, and we will do nothing with speed, running, and hopefully we find -- I think there's going to be a little adrenaline going.

But we had some tired guys last night. There's no question about that.

It's also a little tougher on the other end of the quick turnaround to play on a Saturday and then wait until middle of the next week after that to play. You're trying to keep them in shape but trying not to wear them out. I don't know, it's not optimal. Nobody would choose it. But we would choose it rather than be on the bus back to Nashville right now, which is where we'd be if we'd have lost last night.

Q. There have been reports in the past that you've had a flirtation at one time with Tennessee or at least discussions about that job. When you look back on your career, is there a comfort and satisfaction in having taken Belmont's program through NAIA, through the D-I independents to where it is now as opposed to maybe having had an opportunity to coach at a Power Five school or at a higher level?
RICK BYRD: Well, by the time that I was -- let's say we made the tournament in '06, '07 and '08, and in '08 I would have been 55 years old, and any job I would have got at that level would have been one that you've got to start over maybe, probably.

And by the time you're that age, if you're at a place like Belmont and live in a city like Nashville and quality of life is not more important to you than whatever level somebody thinks you coach at, then I don't think your priorities are very straight.

So yeah, I do feel a lot of satisfaction for what's happened with this program. I mean, 20-plus years ago Dr. Bill Troutt decided to take Belmont Division I. A lot of people thought that was not a very smart decision. And I think as we sit here today, it turned out to be a really good one, and I am thankful that I got to be part of that.

Q. If you were just another basketball fan looking at your team and trying to figure out the bracket, would you pick Belmont to win?
RICK BYRD: In this game coming up?

Q. In this game or just in general.
RICK BYRD: I mean, I thought the Temple game was pretty much a toss-up kind of game. But in this game, I wouldn't pick Belmont to win. I mean, again, they're a 6 seed. The committee spent a whole lot more time than I have thinking about which team is better. It's not easy -- we have to overcome a lot to beat a team, again, with the length and the athleticism and the physical size and get good shots and keep them off the boards. There's a lot of extra kind of easy points that they can get on us that it's hard for us to get on them. It can happen, and we've had a lot of good big-name wins over the years, just not in this tournament.

Gun to my head, I would pick Maryland.

Q. You played Purdue earlier in the year, does that give you a comfort that you've played a team with that kind of physicality or does that give you concern?
RICK BYRD: You know, we went to UCLA and won, and before that UCLA had had a couple of -- they'd had a loss or two, but they'd beaten Notre Dame. They weren't falling apart at that point. And after us, they went to Cincinnati and Ohio State maybe and got beat pretty bad, and then they were going downhill quick.

But they have the kind of size, athleticism -- they've got very good players. I think that helps our team know they can belong in a game.

Purdue, Purdue defended us really well, and if we hadn't made a little unbelievable 12 or 13-point run with seven or eight minutes to go in the game and cut it to six or seven, then it would have looked like a lot worse game than it was. They outplayed us. But it makes you better when you play good people, and that's why we've always been unafraid to schedule that way. I think by the time we get to January, we're tested and ready to play in the OVC.

Q. Mark Turgeon said that he goes back with you quite a ways, I guess Belmont was about to join the Atlantic Sun.
RICK BYRD: Right.

Q. The fact that he knows where you came from, in terms of preparation from a coaching standpoint, do you think he can get that message across knowing where this team and where you sort of evolved from?
RICK BYRD: Yeah, I don't think -- I think that our program is at a point where you don't have to talk too much to your guys when you're a Power Five team and say this team can do something, because this is our eighth trip since '06, and we've had some high-profile wins during regular seasons.

But he knows his team, and he knows how to do this, and this is the NCAA Tournament, and if Maryland is not ready to play tomorrow because they're playing Belmont, then I'd be totally surprised, and just like him, disappointed. When you get here, this is what you try to do your whole life. They're young, really young. These guys are getting a chance. We had nobody that had played in an NCAA Tournament game last night. It was huge for our guys to be in that game and have a chance. They'll be the same way.

Q. Coach Calipari talked about how you had a meeting with him last summer, just a visit about, he just wanted to get some information and advice about offense from you. You did the same thing in 2012 with UNF when Coach Driscoll and his staff came up there. How often have you had these types of meetings with other programs who just kind of want to kind of glean some insight from your experiences at Belmont?
RICK BYRD: You know, without naming names, I'd say that over the years we've probably had -- over the last seven, eight years, eight or nine or ten coaches come in from different level schools. We had one that came in and wanted to know how we defended, and I thought, this is the first time anybody has asked me that. You can come back any time you want to if you think we defend good. Everybody else wants to talk offense.

John is just being kind. He knows what he's doing.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. The season, a fantastic run, but it ended a little shy in the SEC Tournament. How did you guys bounce back, and what's it like to be back in the NCAAs again?
KELDON JOHNSON: I mean, it feels good just being able to get another shot. Of course like you said, we fell short a little bit in the SEC Tournament, but we just regrouped and refocused and locked in, and we're ready to go now.

Q. When you guys all made the decision to come to Kentucky, it was probably in part to have moments like this. Now that it's right here, how does it feel to get ready to play on this stage, and do you guys feel prepared for the moment?
TYLER HERRO: I think it's a dream come true for all of us. Obviously coming to Kentucky, the coaching staff and just being at Kentucky is going to be the biggest stage in college basketball. We're just happy to be here. As a team I think we're ready to go, and just ready to attack this tournament.

ASHTON HAGANS: Like Tyler said, it's a dream come true, just growing up watching this on TV and now getting the chance to play in this tournament, it's a big confidence thing, and we're just ready to come in and play.

Q. Could you talk about how Calipari gets you to this point of the year, what the expectations are and a lot expected of you guys at this point? What is the secret? What does he say? How does he handle and how do you guys handle expectations of where you're at right now to try to win a National Championship?
KELDON JOHNSON: We've been just going hard all year, and at this point in the year he always says that we just have to fall back on our training. I think that's a big thing that we do. I think as long as we fall back on our training, because if we try to live up to his expectations, that's exactly what it is, how he coaches us every day in practice, and so that's what we're used to, so that's what we just fall back on.

Q. What has Coach Cal been emphasizing to you guys in the locker room in preparation for the tournament and the first game tomorrow?
ASHTON HAGANS: You know, like Keldon said, just play to our training, be as one, stick together as we do on the court, and just go off our training.

Q. How much of a difference has Reid Travis been for you guys? You're all freshmen, he's obviously a lot older, fifth-year kid. How much has he helped you in terms of maybe coming into a situation like this, even if he hasn't played in a lot of NCAA tournaments?
TYLER HERRO: Reid is obviously a huge part to our team. It really hurt us when he was out for those few weeks, but I think the guys that didn't get as much minutes, they got to come in and fulfill their role. Reid has been a huge part to it, just being able to -- he's a leader, like you said, he's a fifth-year guy and we can look up to him as freshmen, but he does a lot of things that don't show up in the stat book, so we're happy to have him. We're happy he's back and healthy and ready to go?

Q. Is he the leader of this team? Like if there was a leader, is it Reid?
KELDON JOHNSON: It just all depends on the situation, what's going on. Of course for him being so much older than a lot of us, we ask him for a lot of advice, and he's always gotten us through certain situations that happen in basketball, whether it's we're down at a certain point or we're getting a little rattled, he's always just there to make sure we're good and bring us back together.

THE MODERATOR: If you could just an opening general statement about your season and being back in the tournament as a 2 seed here.

JOHN CALIPARI: We had a good run. The team is getting better. They're coming together. We've got great kids. I mean, they share. It's not about one of them; it's about all of them.

They all have worked. They're gym rats. If I go to the office and it's 11:00 at night, there won't be one in there, there will be four, five or six in there. You know, they're into it.

They've not been in this environment. We don't know how they'll react. I have a feeling they'll be fine, but a lot of young guys.

Q. Can you give an update on PJ's status? Is he here today, and do you expect him to play tomorrow?
JOHN CALIPARI: PJ sprained his foot in the Tennessee game. We had him in the boot for a while. X-rays, everything was negative, MRIs. But we sent him to a specialist. Again, precaution. He wants to play. Well, if you know me, I'm like, wait a minute, let's go get one more level of this.

So we expect him -- he's not here with us right now. He'll probably be here in an hour or so, but we sent him to the specialist to make sure that he can't harm himself. But we expect him to play.

Q. You look at ACU, it's a very different team in many ways, first time in the tournament, and your program has established itself. Is there anything to be concerned about with that program? Is this just another match-up for you guys? What is your mentality going into this?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, again, I've been in this thing a bunch, and I tell you, it doesn't matter because everybody is zero and zero right now. You don't look beyond anything else. All we're worried about is Abilene Christian because they're good enough to beat us.

I watched their games. I'm impressed with how they play, both inside and outside. They defend. They make it hard for catches. They try to steal balls. They scramble the game up. They're good. They're well-coached.

You know, again, a 16 beat a 1 last year. There's been 15s that have beaten 2s. And so you just go in and you worry about yourself.

Again, I'm trying to explain to these guys, you don't play to the opponent, you don't play to the tournament, you don't play to the TV or the crowd. You play to your training. If you can do that, you'll be able to do that for 40 minutes. If you do the others, you're going to be able to play for 15 and it's not good enough to win in this tournament.

And again, I've been doing this 30-some years. I mean, it's play to the training, stay in the moment is the message to these young guys.

Q. What do you see as you're looking at the game film? You talked about how you want to make sure you're focusing on yourself. Everybody has a game plan going in. What type of challenges does --
JOHN CALIPARI: You can get hit in the mouth and then that game plan goes away.

Q. That's right.
JOHN CALIPARI: Again, we've got to take care of the ball because they want to steal balls. They play aggressive. Their 5 man can shoot. So if you don't go play him, he's making shots. The championship game they played, he made the two threes that ended the game. It was their 5 man.

So you look at this and say, they've got drivers, they've got a couple guys that are making threes. They can stretch you out. They can get you near the basket. I mean, they're good. They're good. And defensively they're not just giving you baskets. You're going to have to fight because they play. They're well-coached.

Q. You've consistently had success recruiting players that have a future in the NBA. How do your players on this team compare to the great players you've coached in the past?
JOHN CALIPARI: Every team I've coached is different, and I mean that literally. Like I come in each year and it's a brand new team.

This team is skilled, one of the higher skilled teams that I've had. This team has been able to stay in the moment and be about each other, which in this day and age with social media, with the clutter around them, with the people, you know, the flattery they get, which is you're better than so and so, you should be shooting more shots, why -- they hear this, being enabled, and to fight that, this team has done unbelievable.

Is there an Anthony Davis or a Karl Towns -- they all get mad. All 30 of them want me to mention them right now. Do you guys mind if I mention all 30? (Laughter). The $2 billion in contracts those kids make? I can do it if you want me to. But these kids are different.

Now, they're professionals, too. They're going to be in that league. But they're doing it together. And different guys are doing it. The one advantage we have with this year's team is Reid Travis. I mean, I've not coached a 23-year-old since I left UMass, and he is so professional in how he handles everything, practices, preparation, training himself and also getting his body right. You know, he's one of those guys.

Now, he's not been in this tournament, so he's another one that you look at, other than PJ, the other guys really -- Nick played a few minutes, but he's not -- they've not been significant in this thing. So that's something we've got to see how it turns out.

Q. I was going to ask you about Reid and how big of a challenge is it for him to stay focused with finally getting to the NCAA, and then with the Final Four in Minneapolis, his hometown.
JOHN CALIPARI: Is that where it is?

Q. That's what I hear.
JOHN CALIPARI: Wow. I grabbed him today, I said, "You've prepared your whole life for this," and I said, "Have a ball, man. Have a ball."

And if he relies on his training instead of thinking of all the -- he will be fine, because no one trains like him. And whatever you ask him, I can get on him, like really hit him, and he's fine. He never wavers. I mean, I scream -- he missed a free throw last game, and I just looked, screamed at him, "Make a free throw!" And he made the next one.

I've had a ball coaching him. I mean, absolutely every day I walk in, it's kind of like I used to say with Jamal Murray, who would smile and make me smile, every time I see him when I walk in the gym, Travis, I smile. I know he's going to give us everything he can.

Q. Your team has had a really good job at the end of games this year --
JOHN CALIPARI: Until the last one.

Q. That's what I was going to ask you. There were some uncharacteristic turnovers, et cetera. Do you look back at -- one of them maybe could have been something else --
JOHN CALIPARI: There's stuff I can't say here, you know.

Q. And I can't either, you see the news. Is it possible -- is it just one of those things? Was it a fluke?
JOHN CALIPARI: Yeah, there were -- if you looked at what you're talking about, go back and look at the tape. You may have a different opinion. And the second thing is -- and I told them this: When you go through a season, you have to learn how to finish games off, which we have. You have to learn how to be down 10 or 11 and come back and win, which we have. You have to learn about playing fast, playing slow, playing against pressing teams. We played against a team that, thank goodness, played a 1-3-1. Nobody plays it anymore, but what if you get it in the tournament? And I've got all young guys. This isn't like, well, two years ago -- no, they weren't here two years ago.

So it's been a great experience, in our league, there have been so many games that were won in the last minute for every one of our teams in our league. We got eight teams in, and the other two were on the bubble, like it could have been 10 teams. And every team played through this league, gave themselves a chance now to come in this tournament and do well.

Q. You mentioned all the young guys that have played as many NCAA Tournament games as ACU guys have, but when you wear that blue, there are the expectations. How do you manage the expectations and the pressure that comes with that "UK" on their shirt?
JOHN CALIPARI: That's overrated. They don't care if we win or lose at Kentucky. They're fine. As long as we really do the right stuff, we're okay.

The one advantage that we have coming in to a tournament like this is every game we play is someone's Super Bowl. And 98 percent of the time, the other team has nothing to lose. I don't care who it is. If you come to Rupp, you have nothing to lose because most teams are not going to win in that building.

If we go to their place, they have nothing to lose, plus they have the fans. In this tournament, everybody has something to lose. And we're used to playing that way. So that helps us more than anything else.

The kids, you know, I think they're proud to be in the uniform, but I don't think it weights on them more than any other uniform. But they're proud. And they know what happened before them, and they know how every one of those players left this place better than when they all got here, and they know they all finished the term academically, which is why we finish in the top ten in the APR and they send us awards, which you guys don't hear about, every year, because we're one of those schools that finishes in the top because the kids finish the term and do what they're supposed to do academically. That's the culture that's been left, and that's the culture that you leave when you leave here.

Q. In terms of what Immanuel has played of late --
JOHN CALIPARI: Ooh, he's been great.

Q. Is that just seeing the ball go in, or is it coming here and maybe adjusting to playing with guys who are as good, if not better than him?
JOHN CALIPARI: Emmanuel Quickley has probably improved as much, if not more than anybody on our team. He's another one that lives in the gym. I'm trying to get him to slow his mind down. In this game we play, you can have your feet move real fast, but your feet can't move faster than your mind move fast. And getting him to slow down his mind so that he can read stuff better, that's been what we've worked on all season, and he's getting better and better and better.

From where he was defensively to where he is now, from where he is decision making and shot making and play making to where he is now, not close. I am so proud of him and so happy for him.

You know, he and Ashton playing together, subbing for each other, it's worked out well.

Q. 30 years now for you at this level --
JOHN CALIPARI: 35 maybe. I know, I started when I was eight. (Laughter).

Q. Do you have an appreciation or can you remember like what Joe Golding is going through here, about to coach his first NCAA Tournament game? I think your first was maybe your fourth year at UMass. Do you remember what that was like at all?
JOHN CALIPARI: It took us three years to get to .500, to get to .500, and then I think we went in the NIT and advanced. We went and advanced to a Final Four, which the whole school went crazy because we were in the NIT and went to the Final Four. We didn't win it.

And then the next year it was year four that we were in the NCAA Tournament, and Jim McCoy and Will Herndon, and Anton Brown and Harper Williams, Tony Barbee, Lou Roe, who was a beast, and I could name the other guys if you'd like, but as I get older I do slip up a little bit.

But that run and what was done during that time with those kids, and again, they shared, five guys in double figures, defended, tough -- we used to do screaming rebounds. When you rebounded you had to scream. Like you didn't just go grab the ball (screaming) and the other team was like, "These dudes are crazy." But we would do stuff and have a ball with it, and at the time we didn't know better. I didn't know -- until you get off your own campus and you're on somebody else's campus and you see like, wow, you don't realize.

But it was a fun time, and yeah, I do know. It's an exciting time, and you just want your kids to have a ball with it, and I imagine that's what he's trying to do. Let's have fun. Let's go, let it go, shoot the ball. That's what makes it dangerous when you're the other coach, and that's what happened for us there. We played so hard and with so much enthusiasm that we won some games.

Was that the year that we played Kentucky and we would have beat them except there was a -- stepped out of the box in the Spectrum I remember. See, the Spectrum had different colors, because it was the Spectrum, and so if you were across the court like 62 feet away, you would have thought I was out of the box, but I looked down and I'm like, I'm in the box, you can't see, the Spectrum in the lines. That's how we lost the game.

When did we beat them, the first game of -- '95, we beat them with like -- I think they had 11 NBA players on that team.

Q. In your 30-plus years in the business, can you recall the first time you crossed paths with Rick Byrd, and what are your impressions of the job that he's done taking a team from NAIA to Division I independents to now in the OVC?
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, he and I are friends. I went up and was in his house this summer because I wanted him to tell me some five-out stuff, some back-door stuff, some shooting -- because I thought we had a skilled team and I wanted to learn some different stuff, and we ended up spending an afternoon together with he and his assistant Tyler.

But I've watched -- we've had to play him when I was at Memphis. He reminded me we played them -- because I won't play them now. I'm like, don't call me, I'm not playing you. You're the most dangerous team in the country. No one knows how good you are or how good you coach. But I texted him last night after the game and just said, I was so happy for him. When we play in Nashville, we go to Belmont to practice, and he always opens up the gym to us.

He's been so involved -- as a coach we all know, he's a Hall of Fame coach. He's 800 wins, he's ridiculous. But also for the game of basketball, he's been on the rules committee, he has spent time, and to be on those committees, it's like time-consuming. He was an athletic director on the committees coaching basketball. He finally gave up the AD stuff, he just wants to coach.

He's a coach's coach is what he is, and great at what he does, great for his kids, has an unbelievable -- he still has a fight and fire, but his kids love him.

Q. Your reaction to the fact your players don't believe you could survive by yourself in the wild?
JOHN CALIPARI: They truly don't know me. I probably would struggle wrestling a bear, but other than that, I could live off the grid.

Q. Your wife says you couldn't, either.
JOHN CALIPARI: Well, when we watch the shows, I say, I could do that, and she busts out and says, you couldn't do that for four minutes. But no, I could. I really could.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports



Q. For any of you that want to answer this, could you just talk a little bit, give a little bit of insight to people who don't get to see Ivy League basketball, whether on television or whatever, and there might be a perception about the skill level. Cornell came here in 2010 and got to the Sweet 16. Could you just talk a little bit about what the outside perception of Ivy League basketball may differ from the actual product?
BLAKE REYNOLDS: Yeah, I mean, I think it's getting better every year. I think the athleticism and the talent in the league is getting better. Every year as we go, and I think a lot of people don't get the chance to see that.

But yeah, I think we'll bring that to this first round here, just showcase that talent and athleticism that we do actually have and that high level of basketball that's in the Ivy League.

Q. The Ivy League history in Jacksonville has been pretty noted over the years, Cornell getting to the Sweet 16, Harvard having a major scare to UNC a few years ago. Is that something that the guys talk about, maybe a little bit of a good-luck-charm factor with Jacksonville and maybe a chance to sort of carry a little Ivy League legacy down here?
ALEX COPELAND: Not exactly, but we definitely know that teams from our conference have been able to come into the tournament, just like Blake and I did as freshmen a few years back against Baylor. Teams from our conference have been able to come here and have success.

We're not afraid of anything here. We feel confident. We know the teams before us have done it. We feel like we're capable of doing it, and so we're excited to be here and get a chance to showcase that.

Q. Before you even knew you were playing LSU on Sunday, how familiar were you guys with Tremont Waters and his game, him being from New Haven, getting recruited by Yale?
MIYE ONI: I think we all knew who he was and some of us had played with him and played against him at different parts. He comes back home for the summer a lot. We know he's a quick point guard, really talented, and yeah.

Q. You guys are three of I think four starters that average double digit points a game. What is it about you guys offensively that makes you so dangerous?
BLAKE REYNOLDS: Yeah, I mean, like you said, I think we've got a really deep, deep team, especially on the offensive end. We've got a lot of guys that can contribute and a lot of guys that can put the ball in the hole. And I think it can be a different guy any given night that can hurt you. So I think that's what makes our team pretty special is that we've got seven, eight, nine different guys we can throw out there any night that can really make a big impact on the game.

Q. Alex and Blake, you kind of touched on this earlier, but the 2016 experience against Baylor, how different does this feel than that? And how much more confident are you being that you've been on this stage and played two of those teams?
ALEX COPELAND: Yeah, it definitely feels pretty different. I think as freshmen, I didn't actually get on the court, Blake did and he hit a three against Baylor, which was pretty awesome. I think there was definitely an element of kind of feeling like you were just along for the ride a little bit, and as much as I enjoyed that, I think I have vivid memories of being on the bus leaving March Madness and saying, okay, I've got to try to get back here before I graduate. And to be able to do that as one of the leaders of this team feels really special and just feels like a bit of a dream come true.

I think that coming here and seeing it before, it kind of put that dream into your mind, and we were lucky to have really great seniors and really great leaders before us that were able to kind of bring some clarity to that vision, and I think when you can have a dream combined with a little bit of a plan and a vision and a blueprint of how to do it, I think you can try to do something really special.

Q. For all three of you, could you please tell us how heavily you were recruited coming out of high school, whether you got any athletic scholarships from somebody, and if so, why did you ultimately choose Yale?
MIYE ONI: So at first I didn't have any Division I offers, and then I committed to Williams College, Division III school before my senior year, played out my senior year. Then after my senior year a lot of Ivy League schools, Patriot League schools contacted me, and I committed to Yale after like June or July after my senior year. The admissions was closed, so I had to go to prep school for a year at Suffield Academy, and then I joined Yale for the 2016 class.

Q. How challenging is the financial commitment for your families? Because I'm assuming that other than need-based financial aid, that not every single dollar of your education is paid for.
ALEX COPELAND: I think that when you sign up to go to a school like Yale, it's one of those things where it didn't really -- even if it was just like 18-year-olds making the decision, I think something that our coaches tried to really kind of drive home with us in the recruiting process was that it wasn't a four-year decision. There were definitely sacrifices we'd have to make, whether it was financial or maybe not being like, quote-unquote, a high-major school, but we're making a 40-year decision, something that was an investment in our futures, and having an opportunity, one, to be on a stage like this but also to have like one of the best academic experiences and educations that's around.

Q. Any athletic scholarships for you?
ALEX COPELAND: Yeah, I had a couple.

BLAKE REYNOLDS: Yeah, I mean, there was definitely other interests my junior summer. That's when I actually first started really playing summer AAU basketball and started getting some exposure. I'm a Midwestern kid, so a lot of like Missouri Valley Conference schools and schools in the Midwest area, like that. And then when Yale reached out, I thought that was just an incredible opportunity. I didn't really know much about the Ivy League or Ivy League basketball at the time, but yeah, once I got up there on campus and got to know the coaching staff and kind of what the program was about, I decided that was the right decision for me.

Q. You guys are a high-scoring offense in the Ivy League. LSU is one of the most high-scoring offenses in the SEC. What is it about them that you've seen that makes them so difficult to guard, and what kind of game are you expecting? More of a shoot-out or are you going to try and make it more of a slower game?
MIYE ONI: Yeah, LSU has a great offense. They have a lot of key pieces to their offense. They're pretty balanced. They're not fairly deep, but they are pretty balanced with who they play. I feel like we're kind of similar. I feel like we're a little deeper. We're also a very balanced team, and we both try to play in transition a lot but we both can slow it down to run the half-court set, so should be a fairly offensive game.

Q. Alex, kind of piggy-backing on that last question, there's a school of thought in these kind of games that you slow it down to play a, quote-unquote, high-major, like you say. You all play up tempo, so are you going to run with this LSU team tomorrow?
ALEX COPELAND: Yeah, definitely. We feel really confident, one, in our style of play, but also the actual talent level of the guys we have on the court. And so we're going to play our game. I think that, like any game, we're going to see how things are flowing, how things are going, if it starts to suit us better to slow it down and really kind of grind them offensively, then I think we'll try to do that in the half court, but if we're having success in transition, I feel like we have guys that can run with anyone.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. What has the dynamic of the team been like since you guys have seen Jalone and B.J. leave and now you guys have Damien Daniels and Joe Pleasant stepping up? How has that changed the dynamic of the team and helped you guys to get to this point?
JAREN LEWIS: Really just what we've been preaching all year, just next-guy-up mentality, just being ready for your moment. The young guys have done a great job, just staying prepared, staying in the gym. It was really nothing new to us. We knew they could step up. We knew the talent they had. We knew they could contribute. So it wasn't really surprising to us. The dynamic hasn't changed so much, it was just younger players stepping up and doing what we knew they could do.

Q. Hayden, it's good to see you on the corner there; question for you: Obviously there's been some transition towards the second half of the season. Did you ever think you would be on this platform, small town, Throckmorton, all of a sudden on a big stage in front of all of us? Did you ever imagine this?
HAYDEN FARQUHAR: No, I never imagined it but I dreamed about it. But yeah, it's truly amazing just being from a small town, just coming from a town with 700 people and coming to Abilene where there's 100,000 people, that was a big change, and now coming to Jacksonville, Florida, to play on the biggest stage in college basketball is truly amazing.

Q. When you came to Abilene, you knew the AC would be ineligible to be in the postseason for the first two years, and now you're in the tournament as seniors. Just explain the emotions and what it's like finally being here.
JAYLEN FRANKLIN: I mean, it feels amazing. This was always a dream come true. We've preached about this for our senior year over the summers, so like we want to go to the NCAA Tournament, we want to go play at the biggest stage. We're here now, and we've just got to make some noise.

Q. When you look at the Kentucky team, what is it that stands out about those guys, and what do you guys have to do tomorrow night?
HAYDEN FARQUHAR: They're big. They're athletic. We've just got to block out and just play team defense, and we've just got to hone in on the defensive side, and they're really big and they're really tall, they're really athletic, and we've just got to stay together as a team and just push through.

JAREN LEWIS: Yeah, I mean, obviously they're really talented, a lot of guys with great skill levels, athleticism is really the big thing we look at, and they have that at all five positions. Really boxing out is going to be important. We've got to take care of the ball, and we just know we have to stay focused and locked into our game plan.

Q. A lot of talk about dreams come true after the Southland Tournament. Have you guys woken up, or is this still kind of dreamland for you guys?
JAYLEN FRANKLIN: I mean, we done woken up. After the Southland Conference Tournament I couldn't really sleep. I slept with the trophy in my hand that same night. But we're woken up and now it's time for us to get to business and have some fun and play with confidence.

Q. Jaren, you played with Joel Berry, J Frank you played with Malik Monk and KeVaughn Allen growing up. Does the fact that you did that take a little bit of the mystique away from, oh, my gosh, it's Kentucky? You've played with some of the best guys in the world.
JAREN LEWIS: Yeah, I would say so. It's nothing new really, it's just basketball. At the end of the day, that's what it is. I don't really have like a mystique or anything, no nerves. It's just going out there, we're hooping. It's not really a huge deal. Yeah, I mean, it's a big stage, NCAA Tournament is what we've been working for, but at the end of the day, it's no pressure for us, it's just playing basketball, doing what we love, doing what we've been doing for years now.

JAYLEN FRANKLIN: Following on what Jaren said, we're just here to play basketball. I mean, I played with those guys, and they taught me a lot, you know. They're just here to have fun, I guess.

Q. Have you heard from either of those guys?
JAYLEN FRANKLIN: Yeah, I heard from KeVaughn. I called him right after the Selection Show. He was like, "Hey, man, you've got Kentucky. Dream come true." I said, "I know, I know, I know. I've just got to get to work, man."

Q. For Hayden, you mentioned coming from a small-town background; what was your first impression of coming into this arena knowing this is the big stage here?
HAYDEN FARQUHAR: It was awesome. Just like you said, coming from a small town, just not getting out there -- we don't even have like fast food restaurants or anything, but just coming into this arena and looking at the atmosphere it's going to bring during the game is going to be truly awesome.

Q. Obviously for Abilene Christian, this being the first time in the tournament, then you have such a storied program like Kentucky, and even Jaylen, you mentioned just a couple answers ago this being a dream come true. How does the difference between the two programs play into your mindset going into this game tomorrow? And Jaylen kind of specifically, why is this a dream come true for you?
JAYLEN FRANKLIN: It's a dream come true because you always want to play against higher-ranked schools, you know, and this is up there. Kentucky is a great team, great program, great players and great coaching staff. I used to grow up watching them and just being out there -- not being out there, but just watching them and dreaming about going to Kentucky. But this is truly a dream come true. I'm just going to embrace this moment.

Q. Jaren, for you, this is kind of a homecoming in a sense, being from Orlando and being back in your home state. What's it been like since you've been here? Have you been able to see family? Are you getting acclimated with the humidity a little bit more? Does it feel good to be back?
JAREN LEWIS: Yeah, it feels great being back. Everyone has been giving me a hard time because it was cold when we got in yesterday, and all they say is that I complain about Texas being cold all the time, and this is not much of a difference. I'm just like, all right, give it some time.

It's been great being back. I haven't got to see any family or friends yet because we've been here for a day but I have a lot of people coming out to the game tomorrow, so that should be good. Having a lot of people who haven't seen me play in a while coming out to the game. It just feels great being back. We're hoping for warmer weather, but we're just going to enjoy the moment and have fun while we're here.

Q. This goes to all three of you guys: You guys all play outside the perimeter, you shoot close to 40 percent there. Kentucky knows that. This arena is going to play somewhat of a role, it seems, obviously the seats are further back and perception may be a little bit different when you guys go out to the court for the first time. What's that going to be like for you guys to have to adjust to this arena?
JAYLEN FRANKLIN: I mean, we ain't really going to have to adjust. We're just going to go out there and have fun and play our game. If we're wide open, knock the shot down. Like I tell these guys all the time, if you're open, shoot the ball. Farquhar is a great shooter, Jaren is a great shooter. My whole team are great shooters. Just go out there, shoot the ball, have fun, have confidence.

HAYDEN FARQUHAR: J. Frank said it, you just have to have confidence. Confidence is key in this game. Just whenever you have an open shot, take it, and have confidence that it's going to go in. Like you said, the depth perception is going to be off a little bit. That's why this shoot-around is going to be very important for us just to go out there and get shots up. So yeah.

Q. Jaren or any of you guys, what was different about the team this year? You guys improved so much to win as many games as you did. Why this year?
JAREN LEWIS: I think why it happened this year is because everything we went through, especially last year we kind of stumbled towards the end in late February and March, we didn't finish how we wanted, and the season definitely didn't end out the way we wanted to, and I think that definitely made us hungry. We thought about that all off-season, all summer during workouts and practices. That was the thing that was pushing us. That was a huge motivator for us. So I really just think the struggles and all the lessons we learned from the past couple years, specifically last year during the stretch is what led to us making it all come together this year.

Q. You guys are now a part of a lot of firsts in those AC uniforms. Is that something you think about now, or do you guys focus on the task at hand and kind of that will be something that you guys think about later and recognize when all this is over?
JAYLEN FRANKLIN: I mean, we've thought about it all year. Coach has preached about it, about making history and just being there and just having fun and play a basketball game. But right now, we've just got to look at the next task and just be ready to lock in and play basketball, you know.

Q. Coach, when you had that switch in February with the excusing of Jalone and B.J. and you see Damien and Joe stepping up as freshmen to kind of take a little bit of that load and help this team along, first things first; what was it like when you told the team, and how has the transition moved into seeing those guys really step up?
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, one of the emotional meetings I've ever been a part of in coaching. It was a lot of tears shed. Those guys were brothers to these guys, and so we played Southeastern I think it was 48 hours later and just got drilled. We got beat really bad at home, and that hasn't happened very often this year. I think it happened twice. I don't think we'd beat anybody in our league that day. There was just too much going on.

But I think people that have been around college athletics, professional athletics, anything, I think in a six-month season, adversity always comes into play. Something is going to happen, whether it's suspensions, whether it's dismissals, whether it's injuries, adversity plays a big part in everybody's season.

So when you have three seniors that you guys just talked to and a bunch of upperclassmen and some juniors that have been in this program a long time, one of our mottos is trust the process, get better every day. You guys have heard that. And the last one is finish the fight. We wanted to finish the fight for these guys, and they did an incredible job, maybe better than any team I've ever been around of handling adversity.

Q. Coach, we had talked a little bit about building your brand, and just coming here now and starting to see this unfold already, what has it been like for you just to hear people start to recognize what ACU is and learn about you guys? What is that like for you to be a part of this and be the lead of this?
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, this looks a little bit different than our media room back home, huh? Here's the deal, man, we couldn't have got a better draw. We're playing the University of Kentucky. I mean, one of the most historic blue bloods, maybe the most historic blue-blood college basketball program in the country. You're playing five-star recruits. You're playing a Hall-of-Fame coach, the best fan base in the country. So any time anybody the next 48 hours is going to talk about the University of Kentucky, they're going to mention Abilene Christian.

So it's an incredible way for us to share our story of our university. This was the dream. This was the vision. This is what President Schubert and the board of regents wanted to do. They wanted to go Division I so we could share our story of our University. My job as being the head basketball coach was to get us to this point. That's my job. That's what I did.

I have an incredible group of players that believed in a vision and dream, and we're here, and I want them to enjoy the ride. I want them to live it every minute, and we're going to share the story of our wonderful university and we're honored. It's a privilege to play the University of Kentucky. It's an incredible moment for our university to be paired up with them.

Q. It was always your dream, you told me a few weeks ago, to coach in the NCAA Tournament, and you sort of did that at Little Rock, Arkansas. You played in a first four game, got beat out. Now as a head coach you're here as a 15 seed. Describe the emotions of achieving that dream finally.
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, it's been a wild ride. I think you have to find things in this business that motivate you, what motivates you to keep on. This is a grind. This is a hard business, especially at our level, but any level it's tough. I just haven't been fortunate enough to get any higher than this level, not as a player or a coach. So I don't know how that other level is.

But it's been an incredible run. As a player I wasn't good enough to play Division I. I thought I was good enough but nobody would recruit me, so I was a Division II player but I always wanted to be a part of March Madness. I remember my dad, as a little kid letting me skip school and we'd sit at home and we'd watch games on Thursdays and Fridays. It was just something we did as a family and it was a lot of fun.

So then I got the opportunity from Steve Shields at Arkansas-Little Rock to be an assistant coach. I owe a lot to him. He gave me a huge break in the business, and I was able to go there and we were able to experience it. As an assistant coach it was a lot of fun. We went to Dayton, which was great. I love the city of Dayton. We got beat but here is the funny story, we were back home. I think we played on Tuesday night, I think UNC Asheville beat us. Really good game, beat us, and we were back home Wednesday before a lot of my buddies in the business had even left to go play their game, and the tournament was already over for us.

This has been great being a head coach, being able to lead my alma mater to the NCAA Tournament, being able to play the University of Kentucky and being able to experience it and really be a part of March Madness tomorrow night, it's an incredible opportunity for me, and it's something I'm going to take a lot of pride in one day down the road.

Q. I wanted to ask you about PJ Washington, how prominent he is in the game planning you guys are doing, how impactful can he be?
JOE GOLDING: Well, if he shows up to play in a walking boot and Coach Cal lets him play in a walking boot, we might have a chance. You just saw our post from Throckmorton, Texas. If he takes the walking boot off, we've got a problem. He's really good. He's talented. He's one of eight problems we have on their roster. They're very, very talented.

I honestly -- I don't know what we're going to do. We're still trying to figure that out. He's an incredible talent. If he's making shots and he's scoring the ball on the block, then he's really tough to defend. So we've got to try to force him away from the rim as much as we can, but that's easier said than done. You've got four other pros on the floor with him, too.

We've got our hands full on that and still trying to figure that out. If you've got any ideas, I'd love for you to share them with me, man. You've probably seen them a little more than I have.

Q. You've had a little bit of a back and forth with Tech's coach Chris Beard. Have you talked to him about kind of what this is like? And also how important is it to kind of keep it light this time of year and kind of keep things fun and everything after the grind of the season that you talked about?
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, I don't think there's any secret in Coach Beard and I's relationship. He coached me at Abilene Christian. He's my best friend, not just in the business, he's been my best friend for 20 years. This was a dream and vision we had years ago, man, when we'd go float the rivers with a bunch of old ball coaches. Some of these guys in the deuce, some guys are D-3 guys. We have a really tight circle that we've really kept close over the years, and this was a vision and a dream that we used to always talk about.

He was the first phone call I had Saturday night, and he's had his run. He's had his eight seconds in Vegas, man. He's on a heck of a run right now. He's a heck of a ball coach. We saw that firsthand this year. He's been incredible for our university the last few years we played. He was an assistant at Abilene Christian. He got masters at Abilene Christian. So he's taken some pride in this, I think.

So the friendship has been great. He doesn't have any answers for Kentucky, unfortunately, but I think down the road one day we're going to have a heck of a story to share, you know. I'm proud to call him a friend. But it's not just basketball with him, man, it's life. We've been through a lot together the last 20 years. He's been right by my side, and we've both had ups and downs, both had a ton of adversity, but we finished the fight. He's doing a heck of a job, and I'm really, really proud of him. We're not going to play them anymore, though; we're done playing Tech.

Q. Knowing the kind of run your team was on this year and what you were capable of, how difficult was the decision to part ways with a couple of players fairly recently, and also how proud have you been at the way your team appeared to respond to some untimely adversity?
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, I can't really comment on the situation, obviously. Unfortunately I'd like to, but I can't. But what I will tell you is it was very tough, toughest decision I've had as a head coach. Those two kids are -- they're family to us. They've been a part of the journey with us all along. And so it was tough.

I couldn't be more proud of this group and how they handled it. I think it's an incredible lesson for our program and an incredible lesson for the country to learn that when adversity strikes, there's two ways to go -- you can just quit and you can make excuses or you can bunker down and fight and fight for what you want, and these guys fight, man. They fought the last -- I think, what, we won six in a row down the stretch.

The double bye was really important to us because losing those two guys, we don't have the depth that we've had all year long. With those two guys I thought we were probably one of the most talented teams in our league. Without those guys, we weren't.

In our league first and second place get a double bye, so that's huge. You get automatically into the semifinals. So we thought we had to go 3-1 down the stretch, we had two on the road and two at home, and we ended up going 4-0, which gave us the double bye and gave us a great opportunity to have to win two games, not three or four in our conference tournament.

Incredibly proud of this group. It's a great lesson to learn. It's great for my two kids. I've got a 12-year-old and a 9-year-old and it's great lesson for them to learn. It's a great lesson for our community to learn that when things don't go your way, you can still get what you want.

Q. Kind of a two-part question. In some ways is all the pressure off of your team as far as you guys can go out there and play loose and try to play the role of the Cinderella? And also, have you had a chance to replace your suit that you ripped at the selection show party?
JOE GOLDING: I think there is no pressure on us, obviously. We're playing the University of Kentucky, you know. So there is no pressure. The problem is we've still got to find a way to score and rebound the basketball, you know. We can go out there as loose as we want, it doesn't matter. At the end of the day, it's University of Kentucky.

We're going to keep our guys loose. I was laughing back here backstage, I've been trying to get Jaylen Franklin to talk for four years. He's our point guard, he's our leader, and he won't talk at all. He just started talking a little bit this year. He gets up here and he won't shut up, you know.

I think it's great, man, that he's experiencing that. I think he's loose. I think he's having fun, and these guys deserve it, you know, so I'm excited for them to embrace it.

As far as my suit, this is true, man, I'm telling you. My bonus -- it's all a fact. And the suit got ripped when I jumped up and hugged our associate head coach. He's been on this journey with me for seven years. He took a chance on me. He left a really good program where he had a ton of success and they made the NCAA Tournament at Stephen F. Austin which you guys are probably familiar with, to come here and build this with me, and man, it has not been easy. It's been the hardest thing we've ever done. It was an incredible embrace that we had the last eight seconds.

Unfortunately I ripped my pants. So I get back to Abilene -- I haven't got my bonus yet, either. I just found out I don't get that until June 1st, I think. I heard somebody was going to start a GoFundMe page; I would appreciate it, any help I can get.

We've got one suit place in town, that's it. One suit place, and they couldn't get it done. I guess you've got to alter and do some stuff. So I've got one suit, my man. I had two suits when the year started. I left one in an airport, true story. Had to go when we played Nicholls State and buy a suit or khaki pants and a shirt. I'm coaching them all in my baby blue suit, and I'm going to have a hole in my butt, man. So it is what it is, man. We're going to be who we are and go out there and embrace it.

Q. I'm just curious, what kind of impact was there at all tangible on your program and others like yours with what Loyola did as an 11 seed last year and what the 16 seed did for winning, the impact for programs like yours?
JOE GOLDING: Yeah, let me tell you, Loyola -- Porter is a good friend of Steve Shields, my boss at Little Rock, so I got a chance to know him and we got to embrace him in San Antonio. It was neat, you know, with the Final Four in Texas and get to see him, and what an incredible job he did and a great story that he got to share with the world.

And so that was neat for a lot of us that are close to Porter. And then what UMBC did last year was awesome. KJ Maura, their point guard, I don't know if you guys know this, he played for us as a freshman. We recruited him. He played for us. He ended up leaving us and going to JuCo, and then got to finish the story. So we were so proud of KJ and the experience he had last year.

So I think those stories, I think they're out there. I think we'll share those with our guys. I think our guys have grown up, too, watching March Madness. They know what happens. We could play Kentucky, I don't know, man, 10,000 times, we might win once, but that's March Madness. That's what tomorrow night's about. If we can find a way to keep this thing close and give ourselves a chance the last 10 minutes, you never know. That's when the madness happens.

But that's really hard to do, you know. I mean, every time you watch tape -- I'm done watching tape. I quit watching tape last night. So there's nothing we can do about it. We're not going to grow tonight. We're not going to get more athletic tonight. We are who we are. We've just got to try to game plan, give our guys the best chance they can to compete, and see how long we can hang in there.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. James, could you walk us through the recruiting process for Miye and how he ended up at Yale, and was there ever a time when you wondered maybe if he would go elsewhere when the recruiting picked up?
JAMES JONES: Well, I believe it was after his senior year, we got a call from Robert Icart, who was his AAU. Coach, BTI, I believe, out of Southern California, and he said he had a kid that we should really take a look at, and he said there's some film on him. I took a look at the film, and the first time in my career I ever offered a kid after watching the film, and it wasn't even a game, it was like a highlight.

But he had done some things in the highlight tape that were just so exceptional. I was born at night but not last night, and I could figure it out. So we offered Miye, and he and his father flew out to Yale on their own dime, and they were supposed to spend like a half a day with us, and they got mixed up in traffic, and I believe they visited Columbia and Yale and Dartmouth on the same trip or Princeton, whatever the case, so they only spent like an hour and a half a Yale. We sat down and talked and I had a good feel for them and I thought they had a good feel for me.

Shortly thereafter he had gone to Stanford's elite camp and they didn't offer him an opportunity and after that he committed to Yale. That was somewhere in April or May of his senior year, and then in July he went out and he played in Las Vegas in Fab 48, and he played better than anybody I've ever recruited in a summer tournament. They played against Thon Maker's team from Canada, and it was Miye and a kid Cohen, who is at Lehigh, were the only Division I players on their BTI team, and they ended up beating them, and Miye was absolutely tremendous. Johnny Dawkins came up to me after the tournament or after one of the games, and he goes, "Guys, you've got a good one, I made a mistake on him," because he was just that good.

His father is committed to education, and Miye is committed to education, and although other people came in recruiting him, they had committed to us, and they kept their commitment because of the people that they are.

Q. Could you just talk about once you had gotten the job, could you talk about the challenge in the Ivy League? Everybody is very familiar with the traditions that Princeton has established there, that Penn and Harvard has had their run. How tough was it to come in and sort of crack that and sort of become the standard bearer, if you will, for that league?
JAMES JONES: Well, I was an assistant coach for Dick Kuchen for a couple years, and while being at Yale, I understood the power of the name and what it was all about and what a great institution that it is. So I was at Ohio University as an assistant coach when the job opened up and I interviewed, and my thought process after talking to people, they were wondering why I would want to go to Yale. Out of 310 Division I teams, Yale was ranked 308 when I took over the job.

They would ask me that question, and my answer would be, "Because it's Yale."

I felt like if I couldn't convince young men that we could win and that they were going to get the best education in the world, then I was probably in the wrong business. And I felt that Yale was such a great place academically, and I felt really good about what we were going to do basketball-wise that we could convince people that we could make special things happen.

And in getting to it, the biggest challenge we had was we had no basketball history. You walk into our gym, there wasn't 40 banners up of championships. There wasn't several guys who played in the NBA or whatever the fact may be, so we had to start our own history, and we have, and we've done a great job with that, and I've had wonderful assistant coaches who have gone out and beaten the bushes and found young men of quality academically and athletically to help us win championships, and we finally got our programs to the point we're going to be good every year, and I think that's the challenge.

We've been fairly consistent since I've been a head coach at Yale, and this is my 20th season. We've finished in the top half of the league 19 times, and the only time we didn't was our first year, when we finished 5-9 and were in fifth place. That's the worst we've ever done since I've been a head coach, and that consistency has been pretty good, but we don't want to be consistent; we want to be great. We want to win the league most every other year, and hopefully we continue to try to bring in quality student-athletes like Miye, Blake and Alex and have a chance to win every year.

Q. I don't expect you to get into your game plan here at a press conference, but you've been known for playing an up-tempo game. This might be the best collection of athletes you've gone up against but also the slower tempo has given them trouble this year, teams like Florida. How do you go about doing that?
JAMES JONES: Well, certainly LSU is a very athletic team. We did play Duke this year. They're not bad I heard. So we have seen -- and this collection of guys that you're talking about, they've had some schedules over their four years at Yale, so we've seen some players. One of the things I did last night was I watched our Baylor game, it's on my laptop, and I like to look at it every now and again to make myself feel better about my life (laughter), and I watched the game, and we played them straight up. We guarded them man-to-man in the post, we didn't switch, we didn't double. We did what we normally do. And we were able to do that because we were good enough.

I think this is a really good team, and offensively we're pretty good offensive team, as well. We shoot -- I think we're like sixth in the country with field goal percentage offense. So that being said, we want to play our basketball game, and if that's good enough, it's going to be good enough. It's not, it's not. But we want to play our basketball team and we want to be the team -- we want to be true to who Yale basketball is, and we're going to go out and try to do that tomorrow.

Q. You've got a local kid, Austin Williams, on your team. Doesn't necessarily get a whole lot of minutes, but whenever you call his number, seems like he goes out there and produces. What does that say about his character?
JAMES JONES: Well, listen, we had a game against Princeton at Princeton, and we got into a situation where we needed to call his number. I couldn't get some guys out of the game and both post guys were in the game from the start until about the 12-minute mark, and we normally have one post sub, and that's Paul Atkinson off the bench, and if I would have left another guy in, they would've been in for 10 or 12 straight minutes. That's more than I like to give them. So we called Austin's number and he proceeded to go in and score a couple of baskets for us. It speaks volumes to the character of his.

You don't know how hard it is to go to practice every day and not play in a game and reap the benefits, and sit on the bench and wait for your number to be called. But what you do is you come to practice every day so when your number is called you're ready. You know, Austin has done that for us, and he's been a tremendous kid.

One of the hardest things you do as a coach is to manage expectations because everybody has expectations. I was better than anybody I ever played against; just ask me, right. So everybody feels that way. And I have a locker room of guys that feel the same way, so it's important for us to make sure that everyone knows they're vested in what we do, and just because you don't go out and score the points and get the rebounds or make the assists, you still are really important to Yale basketball and what we do, and I believe that Austin feels that way, and that's one of the reasons why he's able to go into the game and having played in like six or eight or ten in a row and able to be successful because he's worked hard for his opportunity and was just waiting for it.

Q. You have four different starters all in double figures, obviously Miye Oni is your leading scorer. For people that don't get a chance to watch too much of Ivy League basketball, what is Miye like and what is it like to have four players that might be in double figures every night?
JAMES JONES: Well, Miye might be the most competitive kid I've ever coached. He doesn't like to lose at anything, and he'll bite, scratch and claw to get a win, right, he's one of those kind of kids. So that being said, it's tremendous to have him in the locker room with us because he keeps you on your toes. If you're not ready to go, you're going to get hurt one way or the other. In any event, so it's great to have him as part of it.

And having a well-rounded team of guys who can score -- I have basically seven starters, like Azar Swain and Paul Atkinson come off the bench but they're starters. They play starters minutes. They're good enough to start on most every team in our league, and we're fortunate to have a really good basketball club and have those guys part of it. And when I say they're all starters, whenever any of those seven guys are out of the game and on the bench, I'm trying to find a way to get them back in the game. And we have some other guys like we talked about Austin Williams and Eric Monroe who come in and help us from time to time.

But those seven guys are really tremendous, and it's great to have a well-balanced team are any one of those guys can give you 20 on any night. And as you look over our last five or six games, Miye has been a consistent scorer and so has Alex Copeland but we've had other guys lead us in scoring too - Blake Reynolds and Jordan Bruner have been a huge part of what we do, and Azar Swain goes out and goes 4 for 5 from the arc against Harvard in the championship game. So we have a lot of guys that can hurt you. So it's great to have that kind of balance in your offense so you can win games.

Q. You talked about the Baylor game, do you let the players watch it or did you show that to them?
JAMES JONES: No, that's the personal thing with me. I have it on my laptop, I have it there so I can watch it any time I want. Every now and again I'll just take some pointers from it. I like to see what we were doing and how we were successful.

Q. Going back to that, how much do you think just going through that experience with your three senior starters, Blake and Trey and Alex, how much do you think that will help them going through it again?
JAMES JONES: Well, I think that once you go and you win it and you break that lid, you kind of believe. It's hard to achieve if you don't believe. So I think our guys in the locker room are confident about who they are and about the guys that are sitting next to them. So if you have a belief that you can win, it's got to start there. So there's no fear in the guys' eyes, and we watch some tape of LSU play yesterday and I saw some guys twitching a little bit when they saw a lob dunk or Naz going up and tipping it back in, or Skylar hammering it on somebody's head. Again, we've got some pretty good highlights from our club as well. I think there is a lot of confidence in the room and it is derived from wins that you've had in the past.

Q. Bobby Phills was quite a legend at Southern University there in Baton Rouge, the teams he played on and everything. What's it like to coach his son, and what are some things you can share about his son to those watching back in Baton Rouge?
JAMES JONES: Yeah, Trey Phills is perhaps one of the better people on this planet. He's the kind of guy you want your daughter to marry. I don't know if you have any daughters, but if you do, try to get his number. You'd be happy to have him as a son in law. Tremendous person, tremendous kid, tremendous basketball player, tremendous athlete, and is just -- he's kind of the glue of who we are. What I mean by that, his task every single game is to guard the team's best player, and whether that be the 1, 2 or the 3, Trey has got him, and everybody knows it.

To be that selfless person, to go out and just to defend, because after every single game that every kid has ever played, the first question they're asked, how many points did you score. Not who did you stop, not how many rebounds you got, not how many assists; how many points did you score. So knowing that's going to be the case and knowing that he's not the kid that's going to score the most points every night, it takes a very selfless person to be able to go out and do that, and he's one of the most selfless, hardest working kids that I've ever coached, and it's been a joy.

And lastly here, I have four seniors, and I've taken some time here, most every single practice over the last -- we've had like 100 practices so far this year. Over the last I'd say 30 to 35, I made a point to try to grab a smile with each one of my seniors for some reason or another, just to talk to them individually because they're going to be gone in a year.

And sometimes you get addition by subtraction. That's not the case with these guys. It's going to be subtraction by subtraction. We will be lesser of a team when they graduate, and Trey Phills is a big part of that.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. You guys started 16-3 in the second half, back half of the season. Take us through that and how you kind of rallied down the stretch to move into the tournament. How has it been for your team?
ANTHONY COWAN JR: Yeah, we just pulled it all together. I think in the beginning, we were still trying to find ourselves a little bit, and then we kind of went on a little run. I think we went on a six or seven-game winning streak and then we started winning some games in a row, and then -- I'm pretty happy about how the season turned out.

Q. The road wins especially, you guys did that.
ANTHONY COWAN JR: Definitely.

Q. How did that work?
ANTHONY COWAN JR: We definitely have a young group this year, but like I said, in the beginning it was kind of rough. Everybody was kind of still trying to find out their role, and then like I said, we just kind of pulled it all together.

Q. Bruno, what's the toughest part about going out on the road and having to get the job done away from College Park?
BRUNO FERNANDO: I would probably say the environment. You're not playing at home, you don't have your fans supporting you, and I think just being able to play and like a lot of the guessing there and knowing the plays and everything, just hearing the coach and like talking to your teammates, staying aggressive and keep the communication going throughout the team, I think that's really the key for us on the road to try to get the wins.

Q. Is there any difference in having to prepare for a team like Belmont in a situation like this where you didn't know your opponent until last night? Obviously not a lot of time to prepare for them.
ANTHONY COWAN JR: We do what we do against any opponent. Obviously Belmont is a really good team, but I think we're just going to stay with our defensive principles, do what we do on offense, and then we've just got to treat it like another game.

BRUNO FERNANDO: I think it gives us a lot more time to prepare and work on ourselves. Like I said, they're a great team, you've got to respect them, but at the end of the day, it's about us playing Maryland basketball.

Q. Did you guys watch the game together as a team last night?
BRUNO FERNANDO: Yeah, we did.

Q. After the end of the season, losing three of the last four, I guess particularly the Penn State game and the Nebraska game in the Big Ten Tournament, how do you bounce back from that and try to keep confidence as high as it can be going into the test of the NCAA Tournament?
BRUNO FERNANDO: I think we've got to just stay positive. That's the beauty of sport, and I think there's always a next half, next shot, next game, and we've got another chance to play another game here. I think just us staying positive, I think our team is progressing as the game goes on, as the season goes on. Just like I said, being here, being selected as one of the teams to play here, it's an opportunity for us to really leave everything else behind and just focus on what we got in front of us.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, start us off with some opening thoughts about your team and how you've gotten into the tournament the last few weeks.

MARK TURGEON: Well, obviously we've extremely excited to be here. It's been quite a journey for this young team to get to this point. I think we have the second youngest team in the tournament, fourth youngest overall this year, and we played a very difficult schedule in a great Big Ten. It's been a great journey. We're really proud of ourselves and happy to be here, and hopefully going to be playing our best basketball this weekend.

Excited, guys have been locked in since the Big Ten Tournament, had some really good practices, and looking forward to playing Belmont. I've known Rick when I was a head coach at Jacksonville State 21 years ago and kind of watched him do what he's done over the last 21 years. He's been doing it longer than that, since I came in his life really happy for his team, and they've got a really good basketball team, maybe his best team that he's had, and he's had a lot of great ones.

Q. Expounding a little bit on what you know about Coach Byrd, other than Mark Few at Gonzaga, there may not be a whole lot of other mid-major programs you could find that have had the level of consistency that Belmont has had over the last 21 years. Do you think in some ways, even though Rick is very much appreciated by the coaches in the industry, that from the outside, there may be a lot of respect for what he's done but maybe not as much of an appreciation because resources that mid-majors don't have compared to the Power Five?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, obviously he's extremely well respected in our profession, and my relationship started -- we were in the Trans-Atlantic and they were thinking about joining our league, so we talked a lot when I was at Jacksonville State 21 years ago, and we talked. So I followed his career. And then he was at Nashville with Kevin Stallings, who was a friend of mine, and Kevin I used to get together with him and talk X's and O's, he always bragged about Rick, and I've always watched Rick's teams play.

You know, guys make choices in life. We all know Rick could have coached at the highest level of college basketball, and his mind is so great, and his demeanor is so great he could have coached at the NBA level, I'm sure, if the opportunity was right. But he chose to be where he's comfortable.

I think what he's done the best is continue to recruit the kids that fit his style, and obviously he's a terrific evaluator and a terrific developer of talent. It shows.

We all know his mind offensively. He's terrific. He ran a couple really nice plays last night after time-outs, so we know he's terrific.

It is tough. They're not on TV as much, all that kind of thing, so nationally he might not be as well known, but I think the whole country was watching last night, so I'm sure that changed a few things.

Q. As a follow-up to that, the game last night, his leading scorer is 16 points under his normal average, he gets outscored 14-2 in one run in the first half, gets outscored 21-5 in another stretch, yet still wins the game by double digits. What does that say about the whole sum of the parts and the whole -- just being able to weather when you're not kind of at your -- kind of have some really bad stretches and yet still are able to win?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, I think both teams went through that. But what I was most impressed about was Windler has two buckets, I believe, had the three early and then the back-door play late, but he had 14 rebounds. He had three or four steals, a lot of assists, and he kept himself in the game. He impacted the game in a great way. So that's why they're really a heck of a team.

But McClain stepped up. I mean, so that's what happens when you have good teams and good players. They step up. I thought defensively the last 10 minutes of the game they were terrific. I think that was really the difference. They were able to guard them, guard the ball screen and rebound, limit them to one shot, and I thought really that was the difference in the game and why they were able to pull away late.

Q. After the stretch toward the end, you lose to Penn State, you lose to Nebraska, what are the keys to keeping things on course and making sure that -- you're trying to prevent that from carrying over to the NCAA Tournament?
MARK TURGEON: Yeah, well, we've worked really hard on making this a new season, and by the way my guys have reacted, I really, truly feel that way. We've been dialed in in practice. Our enthusiasm level is good. The Penn State loss really -- the score might be a bad loss, but they did beat Michigan there, also. They were a heck of a team late in the season.

We just didn't play well in the Big Ten Tournament, and that was the disappointing part for us. And our other loss was Michigan, who's pretty good.

People tend to overreact. Us in the know and in the middle of it, we won't. We're disappointing with the way we played our last game, but we're excited to play well tomorrow, and I believe in my team. I mean, this team has been through it, guys. We gave up a home game. We had eight out of 11 on the road during a stretch in late January, early February, and we battled through it. I believe in my team. Did we get a little bit tired? Maybe. We've been able to get refreshed and practice a lot, and I expect us to play well tomorrow.

Q. You've seen enough of Big Ten and ACC basketball to get the differences, nuances of how the styles are different in any way, but for somebody who's in a program that has been in both arenas, do you really recruit any differently whether you're going against the Dukes and North Carolinas on a regular basis or whether you're going against the Michigan States and Michigans on a regular basis?
MARK TURGEON: No, and it's been this way my whole career, whether I was at Jacksonville State or Maryland, you try to recruit young men that you can coach and young men that you think fit into your system. I think that's the way we've all recruited. But no, nothing different between -- we probably don't come down to the south quite as much, Atlanta, North Carolina, quite as much as we used to. We still do, but not as much. When it was in the footprint of the ACC, we'd do it a lot more. You look at the history of some of our better players and our history of Maryland basketball, Virginia, North Carolina players, that footprint might change a little bit as we move into the Big Ten in the future, but no, you just recruit the best players you can that fit your style.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Take us through the late-season push here to get to the tournament, and now you're finally here. What have the last few days been like coming from the tournament to now?
MICHAEL NZEI: At the beginning of the season, we had a goal as a team to try to get to the dance, so towards the end of the season, we had to give everything we had, so we had to do everything we could and play as a team and try to come to the dance. So we did that by winning the last couple of games and going into the Big East and making a run to the final.

Q. What was the toughest part of the last month or so? What's the most difficult part?
MYLES POWELL: Just having our backs against the wall and pretty much everybody doubting us. We knew what we had to do, and pretty much our season was on the line and we just had to believe in each other and just keep fighting, and that's been our story all year, just to keep fighting.

Q. What's this like, how is this different? You've been here before, especially you two guys, how is this different now that it's your team? What's changed or what's the feel from past years?
MYLES POWELL: For me it was easy following the four seniors. They did such a great job on and off the court of leading this program to the right direction, so I mean, now the spotlight is on all us three right here and it's different. But we're definitely ready for it, our coach has prepared us for it, and we've got each other's back.

Q. Myles, can you talk about that fight a little bit? How much of that comes from Kevin, and you talked a little bit about his toughness and how that permeates through the team.
MYLES POWELL: Just it being the Big East. Big East basketball, that's what it's all about. That was just a group of kids pretty much fighting for what they wanted, a championship. We were just out there battling. It was nothing towards Marquette. I mean, it's all love at the end of the day, we talk to those guys off the court. But when we step inside those lines, we don't have friends, and we were just trying to get to a championship.

Q. Kevin Willard, sorry, not Marquette.
MYLES POWELL: Coach Willard, he's a great guy on and off the court, but he definitely knows what he wants, and he has to push us to get to where we want to go. We just follow Coach Willard's lead, and he's been doing a pretty good job.

Q. You had that stretch about a month ago where you dropped three straight - to Xavier, to St. John's, to Georgetown, where you're very much going towards the bubble, if not the wrong side of the bubble. What changed after that to get you to where you are right now?
QUINCY McKNIGHT: You know, the Georgetown game was a tough one for us, losing in double overtime, and I think it was just our fight. We knew our potential, the games that we have won previous and non-conference. We had a good non-conference, and just those three games, losing those was tough for us, you about we knew we could bounce back and we knew we could make a run, and that's all Coach really pushed for, to make a run. Last year with the four seniors, we were kind of in the same predicament where we had to win a lot of games to make it to the tournament, and we just fight. That's what our motto has been all year, just keep fighting, and that's all we really did was just keep pushing.

Q. Myles, when we were in New York at the Big East Tournament, you obviously went on a tear there and you really embraced just everything that the tournament was, the sell-out crowds and the attention and everything. And I guess even though you've been to the tournament before, how much more are you looking forward to this opportunity to really putting your mark on this event?
MYLES POWELL: Like I said, the past two years I've been here, I pretty much had the seniors to lean on, so I was just following Angel's lead. But this year the guys are leaning on me for the emotional part, and just following my lead on the court. It's kind of different when everybody is following your lead.

Q. Obviously the last time out, Villanova you had a very difficult, very draining kind of game emotionally. How do you come back from that emotionally going after a stretch where you've just beaten in the last 10-day stretch, you beat a defending national champion, you beat a top-20 team twice and you lose by two to a national champion? How do you get back into something, into a routine where things are a little more -- where you keep the momentum going in the right direction but you also don't burn out?
MICHAEL NZEI: I think it's all about preparation. We have a great coaching staff that's worked with us all summer to get us mentally prepared for the ups and downs of the season. So the season is a grind, so sometimes you get down, you have to pick yourself back up, like during the Big East Tournament we had to play back-to-back nights. So it's just the toughness in us and the support from our coaches that kept us going.

Q. Q, I wanted to ask you, I know we talked about this during the season, but what was it like for you to have to change your game coming from Sacred Heart and sitting out last year? How was that mentally and physically to change your style to be less of a scorer and more of a distributor?
QUINCY McKNIGHT: It didn't really change my style. High school, my last year in prep school, I played point guard a lot, and then I got to Sacred Heart my freshman year and I played a little bit, but I wasn't coached as well as coach Willard has. We didn't have as good a coaching staff as we have now. And it's just preparation like Michael said. The year I sat out, I worked a lot with Coach Holloway, Coach Willard and everybody just worked with me. And then Coach Skinn came in this summer, Guys like that, and they just kept working with me. And Coach Skinn, he's a great point guard. He played professionally, he's a great point guard, great mentor for me.

And basically just being -- just, I don't know the word to explain it, just being able to adapt. We've got Myles, a guy who everybody knows can score the ball, and my guys, they just kept with me and just told me keep pushing and just fight really, and that's really what it was. I'm a good player and I think I'm real versatile, so I just focused on being a distributor over the summer and just working on everything, and I think that's really why I'm playing the way I am.

Q. It seems like you guys in the Big East haven't gotten a lot of respect nationally this year. What kind of an opportunity is this for you guys to change that narrative?
MICHAEL NZEI: I mean, at this point we as a team, we didn't get a lot of respect going into the season, but we're only looking at what we have within us, so we're just out here ready to prove and show people what we can do, so we're really just worried about ourselves as a team and just trying to get the job done.

THE MODERATOR: Just start us off with some general thoughts about the stretch run here and being back in the NCAA Tournament.

KEVIN WILLARD: Yeah, I'm really proud of my team, the way we've played really since February 9th. We've really been playing aggressively defensively. We've been playing great together. Myles Powell has been absolutely off the charts. But I think I've been proud of my sophomores. They've really grown up. Quincy McKnight has given us such a spark defensively. And our guys coming off the bench I just think have been so steady. We've gotten such great production, Shavar Reynolds has given us big minutes, Romaro Gill has really grown up. Jared Rhoden and Anthony Nelson, my two freshmen, I've been so happy with their development.

And we had three great games in the Big East Tournament and had a great shot to win it with the right guy taking it, and just really proud of getting back to this point four years in a row. It just shows you a lot about the character of the kids on this team and the leadership of Myles Powell, how much he's meant to this team and how much he's grown.

Q. You mentioned him when you were running down the roster just now, but how much have you been impressed and also appreciative of the way Q has kind of sometimes had to sacrifice his own offense to, number one, play so hard on the defensive end, always guarding the other team's best guy, and the fact that he's become so much of a distributor rather than looking to score the ball himself that often?
KEVIN WILLARD: Yeah, I think the most important development for Q is I think he's found a nice balance about when to score and when to be a facilitator. And it's hard. He works as hard as anyone I've seen on the defensive end. He takes a lot of pride in it. He takes up the challenge that he's had to play against Markus Howard, Phil Booth, the list goes on of the guys he's had to guard. I love the fact that he accepts those challenges and he looks forward to it.

Offensively I think he's really grown at the point guard spot, and he's a major reason why we're here.

Q. Kevin, you mentioned Myles, obviously, and you would have confidence in him I'm sure no matter what, over three years you've watched him and obviously this year in a much different role, but to see how he's played down the stretch carrying you and obviously in the Big East Tournament, I guess how much better does that make you feel, and I guess how much are you looking forward to seeing what he can do kind of just embracing the spotlight that's going to be on him?
KEVIN WILLARD: Yeah, you know, I saw, I think, last year going into the NCAA Tournament, I really started to see him gain the confidence that you're now seeing, and I saw it, and I think the older guys last year really kind of pushed him in the -- I thought he had a great NCAA Tournament last year.

The way he's kind of willed this team over the last two weeks, I mean, we've had a really stressful last two weeks, the two home games against Marquette and Nova, and then obviously the three games in the Big East Tournament, the way he's handled that, his maturity, his leadership has been phenomenal. You know, it's -- but more than anything, I think he really challenged himself to play at a high level, and sometimes it's easy to lead and sometimes it's great to be a guy that can pat someone on the butt and say "great job," but he has stepped up to the plate and he has played out of this world.

I think the way he has played with his confidence, that has trickled down to all the other guys, and they feed off him. He just deserves a ton of credit for the amount of -- as much as he's worked this year and as hard as he's played, he's just been spectacular.

Q. When you constructed the non-conference schedule, how much of it was geared toward this moment, and how did you know that your team was ready to handle that?
KEVIN WILLARD: You know, scheduling has become really difficult, and I didn't know about the NET when I did my -- I was going off the RPI when I did our non-conference schedule, so I wasn't quite sure -- when they changed to the NET, it kind of threw me for a loop because home losses really hurt you. The amount scored hurts you. I did a non-conference schedule because I looked at the league and I knew the league was going to be really good, but I thought it was going to be exactly the way it was this year. I thought it was going to be extremely balanced top to bottom. I didn't think we were going to have Nova 1 seed, Xavier 1 seed, Butler -- last year was, I mean, we were packed at the top. And so when I looked at the league in the non-conference, I really thought we needed to play some teams that were going to be from leagues that were going to really help our RPI, and that's kind of -- the way I looked at the non-conference schedule was I had a young team that I wanted to test, and I wanted to be Big East ready, and I thought that we needed help through the RPI with our non-conference schedule, strength of schedule, and that would be -- that would help get us to this point.

I still think it did. I think our non-conference schedule was phenomenal, and I think it helped grow this team and make them not only ready for this right now, but most importantly, for the future. I look at this team going forward, and I'm excited, just as excited about that as I am being here right now.

Q. Just to follow, do you think you'll continue to do that scheduling in the future?
KEVIN WILLARD: No, I --

Q. Do you know if you'll play Kentucky in future years?
KEVIN WILLARD: I don't -- I really don't want to play Kentucky again. (Laughter).

No, I'm changing our non-conference schedule. I think just looking at what seeds happen, where people ended up, it didn't seem like league schedule mattered as much as some of your losses at home or some of your point spreads. So I think I'm definitely going back right now and I'm looking at my schedule to see where I can balance it out a little bit more. I'm still trying to get a feel for -- because seeding is everything in this tournament. I mean, we're a 10 and Wofford is a 7, and I think they're -- they should be a 5 or a 4, looking at their schedule and who they've played and how they've played.

So I'm looking at it more or less -- I'm dissecting it. It will not be as difficult as it was last year. It'll be much more balanced hopefully.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Fletcher, I want to go back to the beginning of the recruiting process. At the time what made you believe that Wofford was the right place for you? And then the second part of it is what's allowed you to become such a successful three-point shooter within the offense?
FLETCHER MAGEE: So the first part of the question, the recruiting process, I just felt that Wofford really wanted me and really valued me as a recruit. I felt like one of the main recruits and important. So I went up there and I visited and I just loved the team, the culture and all the people at Wofford, so I committed pretty soon after my visit because I just really liked everything.

And the second part, I think a lot of that is the system that we have, guards coming off screens a lot, my teammates looking for me a lot. I think those are two of the main things, and then obviously you have to work on your game and get in the gym and shoot as much as you can. So I think the combination of shooting in the gym and getting your confidence in your shot and then having coaches run plays for you in the offense and having your teammates, good passers, good screeners get you the ball, I think that combination has allowed for a lot of success.

Q. Fletcher, having a chance to play the biggest games of your career essentially in your backyard, what does that mean to you?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I think it's really cool because a lot of my family and friends can come up from Orlando. Also Cam's freshman year I actually watched them as a recruit play here against Arkansas, so to come back now as a player to the same site, I thought that was pretty cool, too.

Q. For Fletcher, closing in on this national record, I also know your high school career ended against a Jacksonville team in Providence four years ago. What would it mean to be able to sort of turn the tables in sort of a career highlight coming in Jacksonville, if you're able to get that win out here tomorrow?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, that would definitely mean a lot. High school was a long time ago. I don't really think about that loss to Providence too much. Yeah, to come here to Jacksonville and to get a win here in the tournament, two wins, yeah, would be great. Just for all of us, for our team, our program, our school, I think that coming in here and winning could definitely be something that we value and will remember for a long time.

Q. Every year when the NCAA Tournament comes around, there's always a team or a player that captures the country's heart, and Wofford has garnered some of that hype this year, and Seton Hall to an extent, as well. When you consider something like that, how do you go about approaching a game and trying to find a sense of normalcy knowing that people are out there looking for someone to believe in and someone to follow along throughout this tournament?
MATTHEW PEGRAM: We're just going to try to approach it like we would any other game. The hype is built the past couple months of the season, so we've kind of gotten used to it in a way, but we're just going to try to approach it just like any other game.

Q. Cam, can you talk about being back here and the difference from last time, being back here as a higher seed and your feelings about that?
CAMERON JACKSON: Being back as a higher seed is not something that I don't think any of us are really thinking about, nothing I'm thinking about for sure. But it is cool to get another chance to play here, another chance to win here at this stage. It's just amazing to have another opportunity like this.

Q. Cameron, having had this opportunity four years ago as a freshman, coming here against Arkansas, first of all, did you ever feel you'd get another chance at this, especially on this same stage right here, and what is the sense of anticipation knowing for you this is one more opportunity, one more chance to go that one step further that you didn't get to do before?
CAMERON JACKSON: Yeah, I mean, it's really cool that we're back here, and Arkansas was a really good game for the team. We lost by three, had two really good shots at winning the game. Were tied to go into overtime. So it's definitely really cool to be back here. Always extremely thankful for an opportunity to play another game, especially in the postseason in a place like Jacksonville is another great thing that we are able to experience.

Q. Is there anything you've been able to do to maybe help your teammates adjust to what the atmosphere is going to be like here, what the experience is like?
CAMERON JACKSON: We haven't really talked about it a lot yet, honestly, just trying to enjoy the little bit of time that we've had together here, the experience that has already come about being in Jacksonville, a part of this process, just trying to really sit back and enjoy it and really enjoy being here in the moment right now.

Q. Fletcher, you've garnered obviously a lot of attention over the past couple months especially, but now that you're on this macro stage where all these eyes are on you and you know that teams are going to be looking at, especially for your abilities in particular, does that change your approach at all and open up any options for your teammates maybe in the process or affect your game in any way?
FLETCHER MAGEE: I don't think I'm going to change my approach too much. I think that teams in our league have played us for a long time and done some things. I'm sure teams that haven't seen us are looking at what they can do and strategy-wise and stuff. So I'm just going to continue to do what I do, and we'll make adjustments from there.

You know, if they're maybe double-teaming off of screens, I think we can definitely open up some stuff for our teammates, but we'll just kind of see how the game starts and make reads and adjustments from there.

Q. The New York Post called you Wofford's Steph Curry. When you hear something like that, what goes through your head?
FLETCHER MAGEE: Yeah, I know that Steph has done way more great things than I have and was a better player, but it's definitely high praise. But I don't want to get too caught up into the comparisons and all that kind of stuff.

Q. Matthew, could you just talk about what it's like to represent Wofford on this national stage, such a small school that you're coming from?
MATTHEW PEGRAM: Yeah, getting a chance to remember Wofford on a national stage is great. It's something we're all very proud to do, something we're all proud to put the Wofford jersey on on a national scale. To do it in the NCAA Tournament is the biggest stage, and I think we're all looking really forward to what's to come.

Q. A Southern Conference championship over a UNCG team that a lot of people thought were in talks to get an at-large bid, what kind of win, coming in behind in the second half, what does that do for you momentum-wise moving into this game?
CAMERON JACKSON: I think that just any win against a quality opponent is going to give you a bit of confidence coming into your next game. But at this stage, everybody here has won at a high rate and is a very good and talented team. So we're excited to get another opportunity. I don't think we're really thinking about the past as much. I think we're confident that we can go out and compete, though.

MIKE YOUNG: Pleasure to be back in Jacksonville. We have had a remarkable year to date, 29-4 I think it is. Went through a really, really good Southern Conference season with a number of excellent teams, you know, unscathed, which I'll never understand as long as I live. But it is a treat to be here. We've been fortunate enough to play in five of these in the last ten years. Three of them have been in Jacksonville. I love coming down here, and it's a pleasure to be back.

Q. What are your thoughts on Myles Powell? What jumps out at you the most when you watch film of him?
MIKE YOUNG: If I watch one more video of Myles, yeah, just an elite scorer and he's got all the tricks. I think of New York City, New Jersey guys that can really score the ball, shot fake, get you in the air, get into you, get fouled, unlimited range. You try to press up and he blows your doors off and gets into your post players, where he's terrific in getting fouled.

He is just a really, really talented basketball player. I'll tell you something else that I've been impressed with him, he makes the right play. He's a good basketball player. You see Marquette and you see Villanova and you see these others that try to do some things to him to negate his ability to get shots off. He throws the ball to people when they're open, and I admire that about him. Myles Powell is terrific. I've enjoyed watching him play. I don't know that I'll enjoy seeing him play my team tomorrow.

Q. Given what Fletcher Magee does, there's no secret. How has he been able to be so successful knowing teams are going to focus on his shooting game after game? And then go back a few years, why was he such an important recruit for you?
MIKE YOUNG: You know, the second question first, I don't know that any of us know coming in that he's going to score 500 threes and 2,500 points. His high school coach is a great coach, Chris Mayberry, at First Academy, has been there a long time. If I had a nickel for every time I had a high school coach tell me kids will be the hardest worker you've ever had, I'd have some money, and I respectfully internally thought to myself, yeah, I've heard that again; here we go.

He is the hardest worker I've ever been around. To the point last week, I thought he was hurting himself. Sometimes you have to save him from himself. "You need to take a break, all right, relax. Okay, we're practicing for an hour, hour and a half every day. You're in here at 7:00 to 8:00, you're over here again at night." Man, I said, "I'm not telling you you have to sit -- you have to relax, because I know if I do that and you want to do it, you're still going to do it, but I'm telling you, you need to rest your body."

Of course I saw him later that night. He's down there, and I said, "See, I told you, that's why I didn't tell you not to do it." He said, "I'm just shooting foul shots and lay-ups, foul shots and lay-ups, not breaking a sweat." He's an animal, and in the best way. He is the finest young man. He's meant a lot to us, but never in a million years did I think he would be this good. I mean, he is -- and he's gotten bigger and stronger, you know, as they all do. David Land, our strength coach, has done a great job with him in the year that he's been with us, and he's better prepared to take a lick, and he'll take some licks tomorrow now, with Cale and McKnight, those others that will be matched up with him. But he can get through that contact better now, and he's really worked on his handling, creating separation and gets to the edge. He's a really good athlete. He is a much better athlete than most expect him to be.

Q. It's been since March 12th since you guys figured out that you had secured the bid to the NCAA Tournament. It'll have been a week since you guys played. What's been the message to the team throughout the time of indecision not knowing who you're going to play and keeping the energy up during practices?
MIKE YOUNG: Yeah, I get the impression that some people see it as a negative that, gosh, it's been 10 days since you played, will you be rusty. I think it's the best. I mean, I love it. To have the opportunity to win that, know you're in, last Monday when we beat Greensboro, you go into the weekend not knowing who you're going to play, watch friends sweat it out in their league tournaments, and then you find out where you're going on Sunday.

I think the opportunity to collect your thoughts, decompress, rest up a little bit, get back and practice and work on Wofford and not be so concerned. It's so repetitive, preparation, preparation, play, preparation, play, to be able to take a step back and look at some other things with a critical eye and work on those I think is very, very beneficial.

Q. I'm not sure how well you know Kevin Willard. I'm just curious what your impression of the coaching job he's done this year after what he lost last year and what stands out about him?
MIKE YOUNG: I don't know Kevin at all. I don't know Seton Hall very well, honestly. You hear all these projections and they say this school, they say this school, and then Seton Hall pops up, and it's like, oh, gosh. But I have thoroughly enjoyed -- he makes you uncomfortable, and I admire that. And match-up and 2-2-1, back to match-up and man-to-man and switch some things and not switch some things.

Kevin is -- he's exceptional. I mean, I've seen them play. I don't know how many times I've seen them play now. But he's an awfully fine basketball coach. I'm sure the match-up is what his dad employed at Pittsburgh and Holy Cross and such a great coach. I wish my dad could give me some help. I talked to him last night, and I said, "Do you have any pointers?" He said, "Yeah, get Magee and Jackson more shots." Thanks, dad. Appreciate it.

But Kevin is really, really good. There's a lot of things that go -- I referenced a great coach. A great coach to me is a team that plays really, really hard, and his team plays really, really hard. Trying to get a better understanding of Seton Hall and Kevin's team, talked to some people, without divulging great Big East secrets, every one of them referenced how hard they play, and they will never stop. They keep coming.

The physicality and toughness is a part of their game that I admire greatly.

Q. You've had two near misses here. What comes to mind when you think about the past games here, and then coming back as a higher seed?
MIKE YOUNG: 0 for 4, bad coaching. You know, and here we are again.

I love coming down here. This is three of the five years that we've been a part of this great tournament been in Jacksonville. I love the city. I love the arena. You know, and our two closest games were 2010 against Wisconsin, a tie game with a minute to play, and John Leuer hits a short quarter jumper and we get beat. And a really good Arkansas team, we were a 12, they were a 5, Bobby Portis, Michael Qualls, we're right there, led for a lot of that game, if I recall correctly, 20, 22 minutes of that game and lost 56-53.

You know, there's a lot of things that make it the greatest tournament of them all, one of which is you know you're going to play somebody really, really good. And we're the 7 seed. That's a heck of a seed for anyone. I think the highest seed a Southern Conference team has ever achieved, and lo and behold you've got to play a Big East team Seton Hall that just went nose to nose with the defending national champion.

You know, we know what's in front of us. I've got a really good team. You know that. And we're excited to be here. We're excited to take to the floor tomorrow and get after it.

Q. You mentioned the games here with Wisconsin and with Arkansas. What do you feel you were able to learn from those that can help you know what to tell the team what to be prepared for, what the arena is like, everything from a preparation standpoint?
MIKE YOUNG: You know, I wish there was something -- three things that I could give them. You're going to be faced with this, you've got to be prepared to handle this. I can't. It's a different -- it's a bit different, all right, it is the NCAA Tournament. We knew playing Greensboro that we were going to play again. Wherever that might be, we were going to do it again. Coming over here tomorrow and playing Seton Hall, there's some things on the line. The media exposure and the arena and the crowd and all that, you rely on toughness and you rely on experiences that you've had throughout the year at Furman, capacity crowd and you find a way to win, at East Tennessee state, huge crowd, really good team, and you find a way to win. You rely on internal leadership, and I have three guys in Cameron Jackson, Matt Pegram and Fletcher Magee that have been through it. I have had some great moments and have had some moments that haven't been so great.

And all of those experiences culminate here in this tournament, and you know, you just hope you can play another good ball game.

I think a lot about that. I think, gosh, I hope we play well. We haven't played poorly in -- we haven't played poorly all year. Now, we got our tail kicked a couple of times, the wheels came off at Phog Allen Fieldhouse, but that's a tie game where we are right there with ten to play. It's been a special team, and we know how well we have to play and the toughness we're going to have to display and the ball handling that we're going to have to carry into that thing tomorrow if we expect to win.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Did you ever play a zone in high school, like a real zone defense, not just a lazy two-three zone? Also, what was the initiation like in learning the Syracuse zone?
TYUS BATTLE: The Syracuse zone is different to anything I have played in high school. We played more of a lazy zone in high school. We play a higher, a lot more movement, so it's completely different. It was kind of hard for me to adjust to it as a freshman. But, I mean, it's easy for me now as a junior. It is a really tough defense to stop.

Q. Elijah Hughes?
ELIJAH HUGHES: Coming from high school playing a more laid-back lazy zone it has been an adjustment. But as the season went on, it's becoming easier and easier.

Q. We just learned the news about Frank Howard a couple of moments ago that he has been suspended indefinitely for a violation of rules. When did you find out and how did that impact things for your team going into tomorrow night?
ELIJAH HUGHES: We found out and can't really do anything about it. We played without Tyus our entire ACC tournament. We have to pick it up a bit and that is what we have to try and do at the NCAA tournament.

TYUS BATTLE: We found out when you guys found out. The team picked up. They picked up their play when I was out. I mean, we have played without players before. Foul trouble, you have to play without players, injuries you have to play without players. If we play our game, we'll be fine.

Q. I have a zone follow-up. Coaches will say when kids come to college they have no idea how to play defense and they scream and yell at them a lot about that. Was it like that and what was like the single biggest part of the zone that was hard to learn? Tyus, you mentioned you play it really high. I just want some really good Coach Boeheim stories about him yelling at you. (Laughter.)
TYUS BATTLE: The coach gives you some time to adjust to it. It is something you are not used to, especially coming from high school. He doesn't yell too much, but if you don't get it right, it might become a problem. It was definitely an adjustment period for me. I have gotten it down so far.

THE MODERATOR: Anything to add?

ELIJAH HUGHES: I came in and sat out so I don't have a lot of time to watch some of the guys in the zone. When I come to play this year, the coach wanted me to be perfect at it because I had the whole year to watch it. I have my moments where he yells at me and gets on at me. But it's getting better. Nothing crazy.

Q. Obviously, if you go to Syracuse you know that the zone is a huge part of it. Before you got there, did you appreciate the zone, like a zone? There are a lot of basketball people that don't think it's a worthwhile defense. Were you in that camp and did you ever say, "Can we play man?"
TYUS BATTLE: When you go to Syracuse, you know you are going to play zone. I know I'm a good -- before college, I'm a good defender and I believe now I'm a good man-to-man defender. There are man-to-man principles in the zone and I don't think people understand that. A lot of time you have to guard the player in your position. You have help but there's help on man-to-man as well. You have to keep the man in front of you. If he goes by, coach is not going to be happy about that. I don't think people fully understand that part of it.

ELIJAH HUGHES: To piggyback what Tyus said, there are a lot of man-to-man principles in our zone. That shuts down a lot of teams, confuses them a lot. With our length and athleticism, it's also huge for teams to see that.

Q. This is for both players. Buddy and Jalen will play bigger roles tomorrow. How have they developed over the course of this season, seeing they are both freshmen?
TYUS BATTLE: They have developed a lot throughout the season. Buddy -- it is tough playing for your dad and everything else and coming to a prestigious club like Syracuse, I mean it's a lot of pressure on him. I think he's handled it great. And Jalen has been doing a great job as well. Playing hard in practice. When he gets in the games, he does a good job. This is a big stage for him.

They're good kids and they have worked really hard. They will be ready to play.

ELIJAH HUGHES: Piggybacking what Tyus has said. Buddy is getting better and improving all year. Even on the defensive side of things, people gave him a lot of crap about before the season started, talking about he wouldn't be good defensively, and he's been doing good defensively over the last couple of games. Jalen has not had an opportunity this year, but he's still been in good spirits, he is working, coming in practice early, he is getting better and I'm excited for those guys.

Q. Tyus, when you guys play open gym, when you play with each other in the summer, do you play a zone? Do you guys play man? Is that a weird question?
TYUS BATTLE: (Laughter.) We play man. We all play zone. We get away from the zone during the summer, so it is straight man-to-man.

Q. I'm going to keep asking questions. You obviously both have friends that play on other teams. Have you ever had a scenario where after a game maybe another player has come up and said, like, Man, this zone is legit? So many people, probably not with you guys, but write off zone defenses a lot.
ELIJAH HUGHES: Definitely a few times. They have never realized how effective a zone really was until they have played in the game or against us. It is not sweet. People think it's sweet. It is really not sweet. That's probably the biggest takeaway.

TYUS BATTLE: The biggest takeaway is you can't really -- you can try to prepare for it all you want. But once you see it in the front, it's hard to assimilate it. We have so much length. I'm 6'6", Frank is 6'5", we have 6'8", so you can't simulate that. And we are moving, talking, communicating, it feels like there is nowhere you can shoot the ball or pass the ball so it's tough to stop.

Q. This is for Tyus. Baylor also plays a zone. Is their zone anything like yours and will that help with preparation?
TYUS BATTLE: It is hard to simulate our zone. Our zone is very unique. I mean, we practiced against the zone every single day so we will be prepared to attack that and get good open looks in the zone.

Q. What's something that's impressed you about Jalen Carey on the court that people haven't seen out of him throughout the year?
TYUS BATTLE: I mean, he's just -- his resilience, I think. A lot of players -- I mean, when they're not getting the play-in time that they want, a lot of them they don't put their full effort in practice and stuff like that. But he's there every day, early, getting the shots, defending as hard as he could, playing as hard as he can play in practice. That says a lot about his personality and how good he wants to be. I truly believe he is going to be very good, very good.

Q. So, you have been really good at causing turnovers. How do you plan on capitalizing that in tomorrow's game? Elijah?
ELIJAH HUGHES: Really playing our game. To us it's another game, big tournament, but it is another game. We will do what we do, try to play defense and try and score in transition every opportunity we can.

TYUS BATTLE: We want to cause turnovers and we want to get out in transition. I mean, transition is where you score easy baskets, get to the foul line and just cause pressure on the defense, so that's what we look to do.

Q. For either player, have either of you had a chance to reach out to Frank and talk to him and how is he doing?
THE MODERATOR: Tyus?

TYUS BATTLE: I'm not going to get too much into it right now. It's tough. I mean, it's a tough situation to be in. We as a team, and I know we're going to pick up the slack and we are going to be ready to play.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Boeheim, please.

Q. Jim, what can you tell us about the situation with Frank? When did you find out he wasn't going to be able to play? How does that change the look of your team tomorrow?
JIM BOEHEIM: He's not playing. We know that. We practiced -- we had an indication that would be the case. We started the year without him at a point obviously. Very difficult to make that change now.

Fortunately, Tyus has played the point quite a bit this year, even when Frank came back at Duke and several other spots along the way. Pittsburgh, Boston College, we did play Tyus at the point, so he's been there. Jalen's had good practices. Everybody -- it is very similar to last week when we found out Tyus wouldn't play. I thought the players made a great adjustment. We played really well in both games in the tournament. And we're going to have to make that same adjustment this week with a different guy going.

Q. Jim, I have a question about the zone. When you recruit players, do you ever see guys playing a zone in high school and think, yeah, this kid will work really well in our system? Or are they exclusively playing man or as Tyus said, lazy zones?
JIM BOEHEIM: We see them playing both. High school kids will play both. We don't -- we recruit good players. We're like everybody else, we're looking at the offensive abilities of players and then we can adjust them to our defense.

We don't need a particular type of player. We've played with small guards, Gerry McNamara, Devendorf, and had real good success. We have played with big guards like this year. That's not that important, people think it is, but I don't think it is. I think I know more than they do. Size is always important in defense, whatever defense you play.

So, length helps man-to-man or zone defenses. I think we can get away with a thinner kid in defense because in man-to-man you are more physical, you have to be more physical. You don't get isolated as much in a zone where you are going one-on-one with guys. So, length and strength isn't quite as important. But we recruit to get really good offensive players and we can figure out, we can figure out how to use them in our defense.

Q. Over the course of your career, have you been in situations when you're recruiting a guy and he says, Coach, I like you, but I don't want to play a zone, and have you had to talk guys into appreciating it?
JIM BOEHEIM: What I do when I start out, I say the NBA drafts for one reason: Offense. The NBA has never drafted a player for defense. At any position, even at center. Like when they drafted Tim Duncan or David Robinson, or Olajuwon or Shaq, they didn't get one of those guys because of their defense. They didn't draft Steph Curry, James Harden, LeBron James, go down the list. They didn't draft one guy because of defense; they draft because of offense.

We had more first-round picks in the old Big East than any school because they draft guys based on their offense. That's what we tell recruits and that's the truth.

Q. Walking into the building today, nine years later, what kind of memories did you have?
JIM BOEHEIM: Not good ones, at the end, that's for sure. It's a nice city. We had a good time here. You get to go to a great Italian restaurant in Salt Lake, which I never thought would happen. Valter's is here.

But, you know, we came out, we lost our center and he was a big part of what we did, but we played really well, it was a game that could have gone either way. Butler made a couple of threes at the end and that was the difference in the game.

Q. Coach, Baylor has had success with zone in the past, is that a factor at all, that you run it so well and run it so often and see it so often, is it not so much of a factor seeing Baylor run that?
JIM BOEHEIM: Their defense is good. It's definitely a factor, whether they play man-to-man or zone, you have to play against both. And we see that in our league, we have seen some zone this year. Obviously, we work against it every day because we play against our zone every day. So, you have to be prepared to play against both, but they are very good.

When we played them the last time, I think they didn't really play much zone the last time we played them. We played them in Hawaii, they played mostly man-to-man there. You have to be prepared at this stage of the year to play against both.

Q. Did Frank make the trip? If you advance, will he potentially be available for a second-round game? Or are you going forward as if he is not going to play in the post-season?
JIM BOEHEIM: I don't think I quite -- we're going to play this game. That's what -- we know who we are going to play this game with, that is all we are focused on.

Q. Did he make the trip?
JIM BOEHEIM: He won't be here with us tomorrow.

Q. Going off of that, do you know who is going to be in the starting line-up tomorrow?
JIM BOEHEIM: Yes, I do.

Q. Do you know who that might be? Would you be able to tell us?
JIM BOEHEIM: Yes is my answer.

Q. You are ranked amongst the best coaches, active coaches in close games, games decided by five points or less. Curious if you have had a few thoughts on what has kind of helped you in tight games, fouls, time-outs?
JIM BOEHEIM: Players, playing good games, that is how you win those games.

Q. Baylor is a good rebounding team. What makes them that way, do you think? What problems do they present on the boards?
JIM BOEHEIM: We played against some good rebounding teams this year. It's always a problem. That is something, you know, you're not going to be able to really do much about. You have to do -- obviously, we need to do as good a job as we can on the boards. But they're aggressive, they're strong, they're physical, they go after the ball. That is what good rebounding teams do. We have to do the very best job we can on the boards in those situations.

But Baylor is a very good basketball team. They can score. They can rebound. They've got a lot of guys that can shoot threes. They've got inside presence. And that's why they're in this tournament.

Q. Jim, Baylor has lost four in a row, you have lost four of your last five regular season games. Does end-of-season record have any impact on how teams do in the NCAA tournament?
JIM BOEHEIM: I don't think so. I think you start out here and you're ready to go. We lost. They lost to really good teams. We lost to three No. 1 seeds in the tournament. So, I guess they're pretty good. That has, you know, nothing to do with what's going to happen here tomorrow.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Vasa, being a senior, your last chance to make the tournament. What does it mean to you to be here, to have this accomplishment?
VASA PUSICA: It means everything. As I already said, coming over from Serbia, I had a goal to make the NCAA tournament and being here six years, watching it here and to know what it means to people, it is followed all over the world. And I didn't really want to finish my career without making it here at least once.

So I'm glad we are here now and I can't wait to step on the court tomorrow.

Q. Shawn, when you look at the last half of Conference play and what you guys did defensively, you had a dozen different opponents who you held under 70 points. What changed the last half of the season defensively where you had that consistent run of success?
SHAWN OCCEUS: It is knowing we are closer to that time in March and knowing that we need to get on the same page, all of us, defensively. And we buckled down the last half of the season, whoever was on the court was ready to play and step into their roles. The coach did a great job of executing the game plan. So we needed that last half of the season to get close and hopefully make it to the tournament and we stayed disciplined and we tried to execute every game.

Q. Guys, Kansas is a storied program and we see shocks each year. What is it about this team that you feel like you have a shot against one of the best teams in college basketball?
SHAWN OCCEUS: We're not looking at the name on the front of the jersey. At the end of the day, you tie your shoes the same way as we do, you put on the jersey the same way we do. You have to come to play and we're going to make sure we're prepared to play. And we don't care who we play, it happens to be Kansas, and hopefully we will be able to execute tomorrow and put up a game plan and be ready to play.

Q. Vasa?
VASA PUSICA: I agree with Shawn. Kansas is a big name. One of the greatest coaches in college basketball and every year to have talented guys, so we know we are facing a talented team. We are also talented as well. We are experienced. I feel confident coming to tomorrow's game.

Q. Can you talk about what you guys can bring to the game in the tournament, Vasa?
VASA PUSICA: We're an experienced team. That is our strength. This is my second year of playing with these guys. We made it to the Championship game last year, we had a good year last year, but unfortunately didn't make it. This year, there was a lot of adversity, and that is what made us better. So our experience playing with each other and our talent.

Q. Shawn?
SHAWN OCCEUS: Exactly what Vasa said. I don't think we have any freshmen, so we have been playing with each other the last two years and we are a versatile team, guys played in different positions. That is the advantage, I guess, and we try to use those two things to our advantage and hopefully get the best of our opponents.

Q. Vasa, how was the year in Wichita like and Sunrise Academy, and how did that help you prepare for college?
VASA PUSICA: That was my first year in the States. I came home to Kansas not knowing much about Wichita. It was a good experience. I got to play with a lot of good Division I players. We had seven on the team.

So every day competing, a lot of coaches watching our practices, open gyms and just see how people work over here in the United States, a lot of hard work, a lot of 6 a.m., 7 a.m. So it was a tough year and it helped me become who I am right now.

Q. Shawn, do you think you'll be guarding Lawson a little bit? And if so, he's 6 ft 9 in and can play on the perimeter. How will that match-up go not only for you but for your team?
SHAWN OCCEUS: It's not up to me who I'm going to guard, it is up to the coach. I'm willing to guard anyone on the court, obviously.

He is a great player. He could do a lot of things on the perimeter and the post. For us, we're going to stick to the game plan, watch a lot of film on him and just pick out his weaknesses and stuff. Like I said before, he is a great player. We are confident it won't be one person that will hold him to his averages, it will be everybody, it will be a whole team effort and we will look forward to that.

Q. Obviously, no one on this roster has been to the NCAA tournament, but Coach Coen has been there a few times. What has he tried to impart on you guys during this week as you get ready to go in the March Madness?
SHAWN OCCEUS: Coach Coen talks about staying in the moment, just even keel. We have to take advantage of this. And just take it all in because you never know when you are going to get this chance again, and we are very grateful for that. But at the same time we are not just happy to be here, we are trying to win some games and make a statement and that's what we are trying to do.

Q. Vasa?
VASA PUSICA: Exactly as Shawn said. It is like the same mentality we had in the Conference tournament: Be aggressive, don't get too excited and just play your game.

Q. For both of you, that game you lost last year in the Conference finals, a big lead in the second half, how long did it take you guys to get over that and did that experience help you prepare for this season?
VASA PUSICA: I have answered that question way too many times this year. I forgot about it now. Just it was obviously a tough loss. That made us better, made us more experienced, more calm in the situation like we had in the last week and stuff. So really, we're not thinking about it no more, next game mentality, that's it.

Q. Shawn?
SHAWN OCCEUS: The same as what Vasa said. It is not going to help us this year. It helped us a little bit but it's a different game. We are not only just worried about them, we have a whole bunch of opponents, 32 other teams that we had to play, we can't dwell on that.

For me, it was over, when it was over it was over. You have to get over it. It's a new season and we're trying to do better things.

Q. The outside shot, three-point shot has been something that has worked this season. How big a role will that play tomorrow, Vasa?
VASA PUSICA: That's who we are. We have multiple guys in the team that are shooting good percentages and can make it. We are not focused on that, we are trying to play our game, we will try to get easy open looks. Obviously, we probably need to make some against Kansas tomorrow, but we are not worried about it. We are trying to play our game and see what's open out there.

It is a team sport and I think we are really good team as a whole so we don't care who takes them or what kind of shots we get, we're trying to get good looks and that is what we are focused on tomorrow as well.

Q. This is for both of you. What you said a minute ago was really true about how you earned being here. You dream about this for years, about being here. Now you are here, you have been here for 24 hours or something, but what is it like to be here right now? Is it everything you thought it would be? Are you so into the moment that you almost can't think like that?
SHAWN OCCEUS: It is an amazing feeling to be here. This is our first time before. Coach Coen has been to this a lot of times. For us, like, you have to think about it, we are one of the best 64 teams in the country at this time, we get to play for a National Championship. That is a dream. We are not just happy to be here, we are trying to win some games.

We are taking in the sights and everything and being around in the Jazz arena. And we came here to win some games, not just to take pictures and talk on the mic all day.

Q. Vasa?
VASA PUSICA: Just enjoying every day, soaking everything in. The same time, we can't get overwhelmed and focused -- we are here to win games and play basketball and that's what we are trying to do.

Q. On that note, have you any memories or anything that sticks out from when you were kids watching the tournament, any upsets, buzzer beaters, from the history of the tournament?
SHAWN OCCEUS: I grew up watching the tournament until I got into college because I don't want to watch a guy that's the same age as me. For me, it's probably Jimmer Fredette's college run that was special and watching Campbell Walker, what he did for UConn was a big thing for me. I used to try and be like him.

So those two things stood out for me and I was praying and wishing I could get to this moment and now I'm here, I'm going to take advantage of it. We are all going to take advantage of it.

Q. Vasa?
VASA PUSICA: I haven't followed college basketball close the last five or six years. Everybody knows about Campbell Walker's run and that is something special. Also, there was an experience where my friend, in my freshman year, I went to watch those games, Elite 8s in the Staple Center. So those are special moments and something that I will always remember and kind of will give me motivation to work hard and hopefully make it one day and here I am now.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Coen, please.

Q. Coach, just looking at the way the defense progressed over the last half of the season, you had a dozen opponents held to 70 or fewer points. What will you change defensively for the team as the season progressed?
BILL COEN: Our team got more comfortable with each other, with our defensive concepts. Obviously, we have an experienced group and as the calendar turns towards March, I think the sense of urgency in your seniors and upperclassmen begin to kick in and I think it shows itself on the defensive side of the ball.

Q. Coach, this might be a dumb question, but what goes into making sure your guys are loose in a game like this when the entire nation is tuning in and you are playing a team like Kansas?
BILL COEN: I don't think it's a dumb question at all. It's crucial. That is how we approach the CAA tournament as well. Whenever you are in a one-and-done type of tournament, you have to, you have to play with urgency, you have to play with maximum multiple efforts, but almost most importantly you have to play loose and be true to your DNA, who you are. And I think if you get swept up in the enormity of the moment, you know, and try to put too much pressure on yourself, that's when you kind of don't play your best basketball.

Q. Do you embrace the role of underdog or do you try to take it out there and show them the rim is ten foot high and you are the same as your opponent?
BILL COEN: I don't think we've talked much about whether we're an underdog or not. I think what we talk most about is just being true to ourselves and how do we play our best brand of basketball, how do we play Northeastern basketball and what does that look like, what does that feel like, how can we envision that on the brighter stage. Our guys are excited about that.

Q. Lawson's a guy with NBA size who can play inside and outside. What have you seen in him whilst studying the tape, especially his passing ability, which is another dimension?
BILL COEN: He's just an outstanding player. As you mentioned, at his size, 6 foot 9 inches, and 230, 235, he's a match-up nightmare. He's a really good athlete but he's not an uber athlete. But what he has is incredible basketball IQ, he really understands angles, he's got the uncanny ability to seal people down low and use his size and length in the post. Yet, he's a guy that can grab a rebound and start the fast break and dribble it up, he can take the ball off the dribble from the three-point line, get to the rim, make threes, he is a great passer.

So I think, you know, leading scorer, leading rebounder in the Big 12, outstanding player and a difficult match-up for us.

Q. So is this one of those classic team efforts to deal with him and just all different kinds of guys play him in different situations?
BILL COEN: Yeah, because he'll be moved all over the court. I think we don't have any one guy that can match him, you know, pound-for-pound. We're going to have to do it with a group effort, try to limit his touches when he's in dangerous scoring positions. But that's hard to do and a lot of people have tried a lot of good -- a lot of good programs have tried to do that but he's found a way. He could be in the open court, the low post, the three-point line, he could drive close-outs. So you will need a strong team effort to limit him.

Q. Coach, outside of Lawson, they have those four freshmen. When you look at those guys, what stands out on the tape from those four freshmen and how they have developed over the course of the season?
BILL COEN: You don't get scholarships to Kansas if you're a bad player. (Laughter.)

Really good players. They have grown throughout the year. They got great quickness on the perimeter, able to get from end to end in three or four seconds, they are lightning quick in transition. They have suffered adversity like us and it's brought their team closer together and they have grown into their new identity and have to rely on each other a little bit more strongly than they did at the beginning of the year. And I think that shows in their play.

Q. The three-point shots that you guys have been strong at all season, how big a role do you think that will play tomorrow?
BILL COEN: Well, I think when you get to this position -- first, it's who we are and what we do, it is how we're built and it's how we like to play. So we need to get into that comfort zone and be able to space the floor, play with little space and pace and make shots. And certainly when you're facing a team like Kansas, because they can score so efficiently with their twos in and around the paint.

We can't match them bucket for bucket in the paint so we will have to make threes to keep pace.

Q. You talked about earlier how you need to be true to yourselves and true to the DNA of the team in this tournament. When you look at the DNA of this team, what stands out for your success this season?
BILL COEN: We talk about elite teamwork and that manifests itself in a lot of different ways. Whether it is sharing the ball in offense, or help defense, defensive transition, or having a really lively bench, you know, where guys are excited and providing energy and it's doing whatever it takes in your role at the moment to get it done.

And I think when we're at our best, we're exhibiting elite teamwork in everything we do, and this group has kind of bought into that and it's gotten us here today.

Q. Coach, how much has this team been impacted by Max Plansky and how important is it for him to be at the tournament as well?
BILL COEN: Thank you for bringing it up. It's all about inclusion, right? It's a big 10. It is so special to have him here in a NCAA tournament event, he's been with us at CAA tournaments and everything else, was with us in 2015 when we went to the tournament. But I always say, you know, he gives to the team a whole lot more than he gets when guys -- and we talk about adversity during the year and somebody sprained an ankle or so on -- that is adversity. To be able to go through life and do it with a smile, and if you're around Max you know how infectious that can be.

When he's around the team like that, I think it gives us a real neat perspective on what's it all about. And to have him here is just really special.

Q. How important do you think the pace of play is going to be for this game? And how do you as a coach go about trying to control the pace so it's played to your speed?
BILL COEN: Yes, I think we have to be opportunistic, right? We don't want to be so, so slow where they can just kind of overwhelm us in the half-court set. We've always been a really good transition team but we don't run every time. We have to pick our spots and we have an advantage, we have to take -- we have to put that to use and use our quick-strike offense for quick three or an easy bucket.

But we certainly don't want the game to get away from us and they have enough talent and speed if it gets into a track meet, it leans to their favor.

So, again, we want to be who we are and that's always been the team that's been very efficient in transition, but it's not an overwhelming part of what we do, but we need transition baskets in order to keep pace.

Q. Just sort of philosophically and not anything real specific. When you look at Kansas defensively, what jumps out at you?
BILL COEN: Well, they have the size and length and quickness on the wings to overplay. I think they have the versatility in their line-up where they can go with a quicker five, maybe Lawson at the five, where they can go to a switching defense. They can stand toe to toe and go with a tremendous amount of size in front and make you score over their size and length.

So, I think they're built to be able to play against multiple types of opponents. If you go really, really big, they have an answer for that. If you go small, they have an answer for that. Their quickness and overplay defense generates turnovers for them and we'll have to be cognisant of their line-up and what defenders they have in and take advantage of it.

Q. Are there any differences in game planning and scouting when you get into NCAA tournaments as opposed to Conference whereas you are familiar with styles of play and tendencies of certain players?
BILL COEN: I think so. Certainly, when you're in the Conference, you know, coaches are generally creatures of habit, right? So if you have coached a guy for so many years, there's only so many ways you can do it, you understand how you try to attack it, you are familiar with the players, you have common opponents you can judge things here by.

But when you go in your non-Conference portion of a tournament situation like this, the scouting becomes very quick, you find out your opponent and you are quickly into it. It is harder to gauge the competition, the body size and everything else unless you are familiar with that opponent.

That is the challenge for us today, when you see them performing against Big 12-type talent, how does that translate to CAA body types and so on. Obviously, because of the prestige of the Kansas program we have been able to watch them through the years and admire them from afar. They are one of the top five programs in the history of college basketball.

Q. Coach, from a psychological standpoint, how much do you present this as an opportunity in how you prepare your guys to look at Kansas?
BILL COEN: Yeah, I think we talk about opportunities all the time. There's a great saying: Where you think you can and where you think you can't, you're right. Why not choose to believe. And make sure that our guys are in a positive sense of mental state, they're excited. Certainly respect all your opponents, but you have to have confidence in yourself if you want to achieve what you want to achieve, and that's to move on in this tournament and there are no bad teams in this tournament. Everybody's a worthy opponent.

But certainly I think it's natural when you look at Kansas, and you look at the program and the history of that program to get overwhelmed. It's something we talk about whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. For both, Makai and then King. You two guys have had experience in the NCAA tournament, most of the team does not. How do you share that experience and what this is like with the younger guys?
MAKAI MASON: First, just appreciating it. It's not every year you are able to get to this level, it's really hard, something that is really hard to do. And then from there, just not letting the moment get too big, I think. Just focusing on each possession, not thinking about the crowd or the next game, just focus on each possession and doing everything you can to get the win.

THE MODERATOR: King.

KING MCCLURE: I'm just happy to be here. Last year we were in NIT, it is not a good experience. So the fact we are here is a huge blessing. So I tell all the younger guys: Enjoy the moment and be happy. Play with joy. When you go out there, don't worry about the crowd. Do everything you did coming in here to win.

So at the end of the day, we have to win because now that we're here, we're not satisfied with that, we need to progress and win games. That is the biggest thing I could tell them.

Q. Beginning of the season you guys were picked to finish ninth in the Big 12, Tristan goes down, both you guys have injuries, you suffer a lot of tough losses. But overcoming all that adversity, what does that show you about your team and where you guys are at now?
MAKAI MASON: It is funny. The season is like a microcosm of me and King's career. We are down, we have got injuries, people are doubting us, and we are coming together and able to make it happen. I think it really shows the fight of this team. That's the biggest thing. Our heart, you can't really measure heart.

We were picked ninth. If we play together, if we play as hard as we do, you can overcome expectations.

Q. Syracuse announced Frank Howard won't be playing tomorrow. Does that change your guys' preparation, or does having a last- second change like that make much of a difference?
MAKAI MASON: I don't think so. They have got some really talented guards off the bench that will step up. He is a great player. They have some great players on the bench so it won't change much for us. They will play their same zone. That is the main thing we have to figure out.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Scott Drew.

Q. Scott, Freddie Gillespie has come a long way since he shot up from a wildcard in a Division III school. What has his growth been like since he's shot up on campus till now?
SCOTT DREW: Night and day. He deserves a lot of credit. Sometimes bigs don't like to spend a lot of time in the gym, and Freddie was, in that year out, he spent more time in the gym than any other player we had. And happy for his success and development because he's put in the work and earned it.

Q. Frank Howard is not going to play because of suspension. Does that change how you guys approach the line-up that Syracuse will put out there?
SCOTT DREW: All year long in the Big 12 there's been so many teams that have had injuries, people suspended. We have been the same way. And a lot of times that rallies teams to play better. So, it doesn't affect -- they are still going to play zone, they are still going to be long, and they have still got a lot of talented players.

Q. Coach, what recollections do you have, if any, of your first game as a head coach, Valpo at Syracuse?
SCOTT DREW: The irony was we played well and we were either up or it was close with, like, five minutes to go and I was thinking, Is this head coaching stuff really that hard? The last five minutes told me why the profession is so difficult.

The good thing is Syracuse won the National Championship that year and we got to cheer for them the rest of the year. Obviously, I love watching them play.

Q. Beginning of the season, you guys were picked ninth in the Big 12, nobody pegged you to come here, Tristan gets injured, Makai. Can you talk about the adversity and what this team has been able to do up to this point?
SCOTT DREW: The great thing is all year long the team has sacrificed for each other. They've had great chemistry. No matter who was playing and no matter who was out, they always accepted their roles and really competed. And as a coach, that's all you can ask for, is a team that's going to love one another and compete to the best of their ability.

You are not always going to make shots or play perfect, but most nights with this team, we know we can go to bed knowing they really played hard. And that's something that starts with the upperclassmen, starts with the selflessness of King McClure, even though Jake's not playing, his leadership. You don't always have seniors that care about a university as much as they do.

Q. You would have gone anywhere to play. Is it special to come to Salt Lake City with all the Baylor connections here?
SCOTT DREW: Absolutely. This is a place we have scrimmaged Gonzaga up here in the past. Obviously, with the Lindsey family, Ekpe, Royce, and Jake talks about Salt Lake every day. So we feel this is our second or third home.

Q. Scott, this is your eighth NCAA tournament appearance in 12 years, Coach Boeheim has had 30-something. How much has that helped drawing on that, even though a lot of these guys haven't played in the NCAA tournament?
SCOTT DREW: Normally, it's a bigger advantage but because we only have three returning lettermen, we don't have as many people with that post-season experience to tell them how things are. And normally if you lose a close game or you don't play well, everybody comes back motivated to get back and do well. And because we have so many new guys, it's really going to be something that, something that the Big 12 tournament benefited us more than anything else, playing in the same type of arena and running it like the NCAA format. The first time you got the police escort, everybody isn't looking around like, What's going on?

Q. How much does it help playing Kansas State, Iowa State, a brutal Big 12 schedule, week in, week out, help you prepare for the NCAA tournament here?
SCOTT DREW: You look at college basketball and the parity nowadays, there's so many talented teams. The great thing is there's a bunch of different styles in the Big 12 so that prepares you for a lot of different teams you might face.

The great thing about playing Syracuse, you don't have to motivate your team at all. Everybody knows about the great history and tradition they have and everyone is excited to play anybody besides a Big 12, number one; and number two, everybody is happy to play a quality opponent such as Syracuse.

Q. Jared Butler's transfer story is different than most in that he was already at Alabama as a freshman, he came here, it happened fast. What does it say about his mental acuity, the way he understands the game that he's been able to contribute so quickly as a freshman?
SCOTT DREW: Jared had an advantage coming in from a high school program and a coach that pushed him and helped him develop. From that standpoint, he acts like a sophomore, junior, the way he is coachable and the way he carries himself and his work ethic.

Throughout the year, Makai, Jake, King, the other guards, especially with experience, he's done a good job of listening to them and he's probably progressed quicker, too.

Q. Coach, you guys run a zone, and you are playing Syracuse that run a zone. How much does it benefit you guys that you have played and practised so much in a zone to be going up against a Syracuse zone that runs a zone only?
SCOTT DREW: Playing zone is similar like to playing man-to-man, there's a bunch of different varieties. Some are the pack line where you pack it in, some are really aggressive where you have hands and shoulders in the passing lane. Our zones are different. So, it's not a complete thing that you are used to.

At the same time, zones have similar weak spots and we know where they are and they know where they are and probably both teams are more comfortable playing against a zone. But their zone is different than ours and their length is different than ours. So, I remember we've had teams that have been a lot longer in the past and that's really tough for teams that see that length for the first time. And that's why Syracuse has got a top 25 defense in the country.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Josh, obviously you were on the team two years ago that played in Salt Lake City and launched that run. How would you compare this year's team to that 2017 team?
JOSH PERKINS: It's more similar than people would say. Defensively, you know, we can switch one through five, even though it's a deep team as far as depth goes. The swagger, the confidence level, just experience is similar. This team is a lot more versatile. More athletic, I'd say. We can get out on transition a bit better, square the ball better, but the teams are more similar than people would say.

Q. Do you care to pick a winner?
JOSH PERKINS: Gonzaga. (Laughter.)

Q. For both guys, you probably saw a little bit of what Fairleigh Dickinson's guards did last night. What did you see? What stuck out? What do you have to do to defend those guys? Geno?
GENO CRANDALL: Really talented guys, they are a good team overall. You don't make it this far, you're not playing in March if you're not a good, talented team that can play well together. So we will really emphasize locking in on defense. Our offense has taken care of itself all year minus a hiccup here or there. If we lock in to take away those guard plays, because when they are not scoring, they are the ones creating for the other guys, so if we are able to limit the looks they can get and the looks they can create for everyone else, we will be in good shape.

Q. Josh?
JOSH PERKINS: Those two guards are big time. It's the whole team that gets them there. But I think every time he shoots the ball it goes in. He is playing with extreme confidence right now. Jenkins was a huge part in getting over the hump.

So limiting them and trusting we got help, collective team we have been doing all year, and we have one of the best defenders in the country on our team, so knowing he has our back around the rim and doing it collectively, we should be in good shape. Geno said it.

Q. Can you both talk about what you have learned from this year playing together, both have a ton of experience and tournament experience, too. Josh?
JOSH PERKINS: Can you say it again?

Q. What have both of you learned from playing together?
JOSH PERKINS: He's my guy. I have learned a lot watching him in previous years. At odd times, I'm aware of where No. 0 is. He is another guard out there who can handle the ball. Take me off the ball. Give me some open looks. And defensively, he is as solid as it gets. We play off each other and I truly believe that. Our chemistry was there from the get-go and it gets better every game.

Q. Geno.
GENO CRANDALL: We've got one of the more high-powered, complicated offenses in a way. It is really simple but there are a lot of reasons that you have to make, especially as a point guard being a ball-handler. He helped me out a ton with that. He is full of confidence. I feed off of that. He is a great leader. He knows how to lead the guys when they are off the court and I have been able to listen to him and fortunate to have been able to play with him this year.

Q. With Virginia's loss last year, you may remember the game two years ago, 16 versus 1, can you talk about the pressure that comes with it?
JOSH PERKINS: Same thing. Pressure. We have a group full of diamonds. Like you said, as the one seed, everyone is coming after you and they want to be -- they want to beat you as a team. So, they will come in here with nothing to lose, play with reckless abandon and with nothing to lose, and with being the one seed we have to know that going in and master intensity and control what we can control, that is playing for each other and taking care of the ball and, like I said, matching their intensity.

Q. Josh, with you being from Denver, it is an eight-hour drive away, are you going to have a lot of family here? What following will you have here tomorrow?
JOSH PERKINS: Yes, my dad will be here, my little sister, my little brother. So the clan made it out. Thankfully, we are in Utah, they could have hopped on a flight or hopped in the car. Thankfully, my family gets to see the last run in March for us.

Q. Because of your ties to Gonzaga with John Stockton, do you feel like you are "the home team" here and is that anymore comfortable for you?
JOSH PERKINS: I'd say so. Our fans do a great job of traveling with us wherever we go anyway. Utah, like you say, we have so many ties and being close to Washington in a way, it will feel like a home game. Two years ago, it felt like that. We fed off the crowd, and as basketball players, that is huge.

At the end of the day, we are the ones on the court so we have to make it happen and bring the energy and get the crowd involved ourself, but it will help being the home team in a sense.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Mark Few, please.

Q. Hey, Coach. When you win a lot and don't lose very much, how do you move on from, you know, whether it's been more than a week now, I think? Did you have to decide right away?
MARK FEW: I would say that is definitely not my strong point, as an flawed human that would be an area I could work at better. (Laughter.)

Yeah, I mean, we spent some time watching the film and going over it and then, you know, a couple of good days of practice and I'd say we're still in the process. It would have been nice if we could have played a game a day or two later, maybe not as much time to dwell on it. But we'll find out tomorrow night and see how they respond.

Q. Mark, not that you weren't ever looking past the team in your history, but with what happened last year with UNBC and Virginia, how much different does that affect both sides -- you can't speak for the six teams -- but they are probably more like, Hey, we can do this, as well as you have to be careful?
MARK FEW: I hate having this -- this will be our third one. I have watched enough over the years that, you know, I think probably reinforces the hope and the belief of the team that's in that 16 slot. Those of us that have been in the 1 slot have fully understood that it could definitely happen and, obviously, it did happen.

After watching this team a lot, I'm very impressed with them. They are a legitimate team that we're going to have to play pretty darn good to move on. They got some toughness, they got some experience, some real resiliency. And obviously with everything they have been through and are on quite a roll as a team and then individually some of them were on -- they are probably playing their best basketball of the year. And the match-up, they have athletic mobile bigs kind of like we do and the guards can shoot.

It will be a challenge. So you have to throw the seed out and just start game planning.

Q. Mark, Brandon Clarke was born in Vancouver, didn't grow up there. He is one of more than 20 Canadians in this year's tournament. What have you seen of the growth of Canadian basketball in the last few years?
MARK FEW: There have been a lot of great players. It's becoming more and more popular up there. We have been the beneficiary of some really, really good players. You think back to Kelly Olynyk, Rob Sacre, Kevin Pangos, some of the better players up there. And you have seen how well Canada has developed kind of on the world stage.

To me, it is not like going overseas, like we do to Europe or with Rui with Japan. They are involved in our AAU system as much as our guys are. So, they're definitely well immersed in our system.

Q. What have you seen as the biggest difference in Rui's game now from when he first arrived here?
MARK FEW: I mean, enormous strides in all facets. I mean, let's start with understanding the English language. I mean, it went from zero to -- you know, it's not fully, full immersion like the rest of us who have lived here all our lives. He's done a great job with that. Learning how to kind of take control of the game a little bit and be more assertive.

I think when he got here, it's very much kind of within his, the cultural norms to defer to people that are older than you, or who have been here a while, or they have seniority on you. We've had to get him to kind of work through that.

Then obviously his game's really developed. He's shot the ball extremely well from three this year and, you know, his mid-range game was good when we got it, but it's improved tremendously since those first couple of months.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Can you talk about that second-half performance that you had and what kind of your mindset was taking over for the night?
JAHLIL JENKINS: It was a rough half for me in the first half. The second half, my coach and my teammates kept telling me to keep playing my game and second half was a lot of space for me again and getting in the gaps. Credit to my teammates and that's what happened.

Q. Darnell, you broke Fairleigh Dickinson's three-point record last night. You have had your eye on this for a while. Now it's official, you have 200 made for your career. Talk about what that means to you.
DARNELL EDGE: It means a lot. A lot of great shooters in the school system, so to be at the top of that list is a great honor. So it's all the hard work and all the hours I have put into the gym and working on my game, it's paid off.

Q. Can you talk about what the last 24 hours have looked like for you guys and what the schedule has been like as far as winning that game and coming here. When did you get on the bus and when did you get to Salt Lake and everything that's happened the last 24 hours for you guys?
DARNELL EDGE: We went from the game, back to the hotel, got our stuff, hopped on the flight, right here immediately. So it's been a long night. I didn't get a lot of sleep myself, my phone wouldn't stop going off. So a lot of excitement. The guys were excited so we are proud to be here and compete.

THE MODERATOR: Mike?

MIKE HOLLOWAY: The last 24 hours have been, like, no sleep, a lot of excitement, a lot of thrills, a great win. My phone was going crazy, everybody was so excited for us and we were excited ourselves and a lot of celebrating and just not a lot of rest.

THE MODERATOR: Jahlil?

JAHLIL JENKINS: Same thing Mike and Darnell said. Everyone is just so excited to play Gonzaga. We are getting ready to prepare.

Q. Darnell, Mike, Jahlil, your coach went through a big health scare from the Final Four last year. Can you tell me a bit about how that impacted you guys and his recovery and what it's meant to the team?
DARNELL EDGE: Coach has been, you know, big for us all the time, and I remember last year when he was going through the whole issue, he was always just texting us, telling us, wishing he could be there with us, that is all he wanted to be, there practicing with us. It was big for us to maintain his energy that he brings and we just basically gathered around and just help support him through the whole process and that's what we pride ourself on, being a family.

MIKE HOLLOWAY: My coach is my guy, he believed in me. When he went down, it hit me a bit. It hit me a lot. And I had to like give him a little extra extraordinary effort, as he would say, to give my all this year. And it seems to me like that paid off a lot and we have been dancing. So him going down motivated me and it made me a little upset, but it motivated.

JAHLIL JENKINS: When coach was in hospital, that hurt the whole team. We knew he was fighting throughout the whole time. Last night we were down, so we knew we had to fight for him.

Q. You guys are coming off your first tournament win in school history, but now tell me what your guys' mindset is as you go up against the Zags tomorrow?
THE MODERATOR: Darnell?

DARNELL EDGE: We have won nine games straight so we are playing really good, playing confident. We have to mix a few things up to be able to compete with their length and skill set. Like I said, we are playing our best basketball and being confident and we are here to try and win.

THE MODERATOR: Mike?

MIKE HOLLOWAY: We know they are a very good basketball team. We know that from last year, nothing is impossible. So we will go into this game confident trying to win.

THE MODERATOR: Jahlil?

JAHLIL JENKINS: We need to just come in confident and play our game and follow the game plan.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Greg Herenda, please.

Q. Coach, I'm sure it's been a rolling 24 hours since you guys got your win yesterday. I loved your victory dance in the locker room. Can you talk about when you woke up this morning, your mindset and going into the game tomorrow against Zags?
GREG HERENDA: Want me to tell you the truth? I had these severe cramps in the middle of the night and then I realized where I was and the cramps kind of went away, and I just looked out the window to see what the weather was like and I saw the mountains of Utah and everything went away. I mean, we're just tickled pink to be in Salt Lake City in the West Region playing against one of the nation's great programs and we're just excited.

We won a basketball game, I don't know how many hours it was, and now we are here to win another basketball game so quickly after you win the game. And we flew in and we had a meeting last night about 2:00 in the morning with the team and it was, We have to stop celebrating. You'll be able to celebrate the first NCAA victory for Fairleigh Dickinson University for the rest of your lives. Now we have 24 hours to prepare for a team that is really, really good. Really, really well coached. In their region. We're probably the most eastern team in the Conference, in the tournament and now we are out here in the West Region, so it's just exciting.

It's going to be difficult, we know that. We will take it one possession at a time and try our hardest and do our best. And in totality, to answer your question, I'm really excited.

Q. Coach, with yesterday's big win and tomorrow's prime-time game against Gonzaga, what does it do for the university to be on this stage?
GREG HERENDA: I think last, or two -- was it last night? We did a lot for our university but guess what, our university does a lot for our team. And this is my sixth year as the head basketball coach and each year we're getting there and we're getting better.

But the more exposure that we give the university, the more we let people in to what we have. We tell our recruits that we're in the shadows of the Empire State Building, and quite literally we are. We are right across the George Washington Bridge, in Teaneck, New Jersey, there is the Hackensack River in between and on the other side it is Hackensack, New Jersey. We have a campus in Florham, we have a campus in Vancouver. It's a very special and unique place, and now people are finding out about it through our basketball team.

Our basketball team is infectious. We have guards that can play, guards that are exciting, we have bigs that work hard and can finish and we have a team that's just won 15 out of 17 basketball games, and our last loss was on Valentine's Day. So I'm glad tomorrow is not any kind of a holiday that I know about.

In answering your question, to be here on this stage I think does so much, our President, Chris Capuano, was traveling with us, our Commissioner, Noreen Morris from the Northeast conference is traveling with us. So it's really our shining moment. But we're not here to shine; we're here to win, and we've won one and we're going to try to continue to win. And we know we have a tough, formidable opponent, but that's college basketball. And we have to play very hard and very well to be in the game and to win tomorrow. But that's our objective and that's our goal.

Q. Greg, does what UNBC did last year, does that hearten the hopes of...
GREG HERENDA: I couldn't hear you.

Q. Does what UNBC did last year, in knocking off Virginia, does that sort of add a little...
GREG HERENDA: I know Lane Odom, I know his dad, and he beat us to it, really. I've always dreamed of it. I know -- I was a division II scholarship athlete. And to be a Division I coach and to get to -- I knew if I got to the tournament, this is my seed. I wasn't going to be a 4 seed. I'm a 16 seed. We mentioned it once, the seeds to our team, and that's the only time we mentioned it. Right now, we're playing one game against one really good opponent. There are no seeds.

I was assistant at Seton Hall when Ray Allen was at Connecticut, Allen Iverson was at Georgetown, and there were many pros and you knew when you went into games, you didn't have much of a chance if you didn't have pros. In this day and age, the pros, except for Zion, are all gone, they're gone. So the level of playing field in America in the NCAA tournament, it's this. It's not the gap, there's not -- there's just not -- it's not a reach. So I think you'll see more of it. And I really believe that. I'm not predicting that tomorrow night. I don't know, there's a bunch of games going on. The teams you're getting, they're getting closer and closer. At least I hope.

Q. On that same thing, just from your observations of college basketball, where it's been, where it's going, do you think there is a certain kind of player, kind of team you have to build to win now?
GREG HERENDA: Oh yes.

Q. What is it?
GREG HERENDA: When I was a young boy, I used to go to the foul line and start working out. And now the young girls and boys today go to the three-point line. Even my mother, God rest her soul, when she would come to our practices, she was 69 years old, and she was trying to make three-point shots. I said, Ma, start with the lay-up.

Now, it's the same thing. Jahlil Jenkins and Darnell Edge are integral parts of this tournament because they can shoot it from three and drive it. And if you have those skilled players, that game will travel. So tomorrow we -- Gonzaga has those players, but they are bigger. Small is hard to guard.

You look at the running back for the New York football Giants, Saquon Barkley, he's the smallest guy in the NFL, I think, close. He's unguardable. So, that doesn't mean the Giants are going to win, and they didn't. But he's a problem.

We have problems for Gonzaga. Small is okay. And that's what makes the game great. All the kids are out there: Small, quick, skill. Big, slow, strong. That was my era. Oh man, they're big, we've got no shot. Coaches and players look at big and slow as bad. And that's a generational thing. And I really, I believe that we're fast, we don't have a slow player. I can't recruit slow. I can't do it. And neither does Mark. But big, I'd rather be big and fast like he is, rather than small and fast, but that's who we are.

Q. I wanted to follow up on what you had talked about before with the gap. What's the difference in Gonzaga and Fairleigh Dickinson right now? Like, if you look at this game tomorrow...
GREG HERENDA: The difference between Gonzaga and us?

Q. Yes.
GREG HERENDA: Size and strength. They are bigger, and they're stronger and they're deeper. That's really -- and that doesn't mean all that much to me. But when the ball goes up in the air, and you have, you know, 260 pounds and we have 220 -- it's a numbers game. So, I think size and strength will always be a factor.

And I think that's the -- but our strength is, I think we're long, we're quick, and we're athletic. So therein lies the game. Yeah, and I think at that level, if we were to play Duke or Carolina, or who's the other No. 1 seed?

Q. Virginia.
GREG HERENDA: You would see that as the norm. And the 16th seeds are probably who we are: Quick, fast, athletic. But don't sell us short. Mike Holloway is a 6'8" rebounding inside- out player. Kaleb Bishop is as athletic as anybody in America. Elyjah Williams, we were lucky to get him, is like a Mark Aguirre, Chicago guy, he is a load, attacks the rim, big heart, no fear.

That's how I grew up. This is New Jersey. We're from New Jersey where you've got to fight for a parking space. Nothing is given to you. Out here in Utah, you see the mountains and in New Jersey you got to pay the see the mountains. (Laughter.) You have to drive miles to see mountains. Here, it's equal opportunity fun, and in New Jersey, and that's okay because that hard work helped us come back last night.

Q. Coach, you shoot the three-ball really well percentage-wise, I think top five. But attempts, you are around .290 or something. Is that teams getting after you on the line because they know what can happen?
GREG HERENDA: That's a great question. We shoot it well and we don't shoot that many and that's why we shoot it well, if that makes any sense. We try to go to the basket and then if you guard that, which tomorrow night they're going to guard, then we kick it and we step into shots. So we're not coming down looking for threes. Maybe Darnell Edge and we should. But we're driving it, kicking it, and that's why we don't shoot as many.

We led our Conference in field goal percentage and I think we're third in free-throw percentage. I'll never forget, we have a Burgundy and Blue squad where all the alums come back, and I put them on the front row and I call them one of my assistant coaches, because they will tell you how to coach. They'll tell you, Who is going to make shots this year? I'm going, I don't know.

It's come to fruition that the shooting has been our strength, and the strength is we have two guards that can go and that opens it up for people just to step on that line and see it pretty good. But tomorrow they're going to guard both. That's why they are a No. 1, that's how they beat Duke. They can guard the basket or protect the basket and guard the line. That's every coach's dream and Mark's team does that as well as anybody.

Q. In the wake of your health scare last year, what was the most difficult part about coming back? What did you try and impart to your team during that time?
GREG HERENDA: I think my team imparted more on me. And I said it before, when I was in the hospital, I literally was thinking about -- my wife and my son were with me. And then I was thinking about my team and how if I'm going to ask them in a TV timeout to really gut it out and give everything you have, that's what I had to do. I had 104.5 fever with the blood clots and they didn't know -- it was sepsis -- they didn't know why the fever came. I had to break it. They put me on a bed of ice. I went from 104. It was like a timeout. 104, 103 and then as soon as you get to 98 and they take the ice off you, you know what happens? It shoots back up. And they make another three ball. And then you come up and you go... And then it takes a lot out of you.

And then finally, one night, a gentleman came in -- I had all these tubes, not tubes but patches to -- and I pulled them off by accident and he was putting them on me. I will never forget it. About 3:30 in the morning, profusely I started sweating, like scary sweat. I was scared. And he was crying because he's like, Coach, you did it, you did it, you did it." I broke my fever. And it was a very -- I'll never forget that moment.

In Methodist Hospital in San Antonio, have to give credit, the President, Greg Seiler, he is a season ticket holder of the San Antonio Spurs, every morning he was in my room checking on me. He brought the head coach Carson Cunningham, the head coach of Incarnate Word, to my room for a day and stayed with me when I was not in a good place. And the interns, the orderlies, the people that brought the food, the therapists, I was there for 15 days, eight days in intensive care, and without them, I wouldn't be here. And I just thank those people, my wife, my son.

And so to be here, man, your question was great, how do you feel? I feel blessed, I really do, really do. Thank you, everybody.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Eli, can you tell me how last year's experience will help you out this year at the NCAA tournament?
ELI CHUHA: This is my third time being here. I have a lot more years of experience. From last year I felt like it gives us a little boost and watching film on these guys from last year, learning from last year what we didn't do good. This is a learning experience, so I feel like it will help us in the long run.

Q. Can both of you talk about what you have seen from Auburn and what stands out to you since you have been watching the last couple of days?
ELI CHUHA: They are strong, they are athletic, that is what we have seen so far. So really, they are super athletic and they are stronger. So, that's all we see right now.

Q. Shunn?
SHUNN BUCHANAN: Athleticism and quickness and the size of them, that is about it.

Q. As players, there's a lot of upsets, it is always one of the trendy upset picks in the tournament. Do you guys look at that? What do you think about that? When you saw the 12 fives, we're going to get some attention here?
ELI CHUHA: Regardless of what team, we are going to play our hardest, I don't think we look at it as a 12. Everybody's good in this tournament, we will just come and play hard.

SHUNN BUCHANAN: Everyone's good so not take no one for granted, just come out and play hard because we know Coach Jans is going to put us in the best position to win.

Q. Could you talk about the chemistry on this year's team and how you get along, please?
SHUNN BUCHANAN: It's crazy. Everybody loves each other. We're always staying together, hanging with each other. We have free time, which we are bound to have. We always together and having a good time, always jumping around.

Q. Eli?
ELI CHUHA: This team chemistry is great on and off the court, it is really good.

THE MODERATOR: More questions?

Q. Shunn, what has the practice schedule been like this past week? Have you been able to have a regular routine of any sort?
SHUNN BUCHANAN: We kind of had a regular routine when we got back from Vegas. We really didn't dwell on Las Vegas, we got into our own end game plan, just practice hard because we don't have some guys that play a lot of minutes, so we are barely tired. The coach has pushed us and we come to do what he asks us to do every day, we prepare hard to win this game.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else? Alright. We will let these student-athletes go and welcome Coach Jans in just a moment.

Questions, please.

Q. Hey, coach. Can you give me your thoughts on Auburn going into this.
CHRIS JANS: They are a handful. They're playing their best basketball of the season right now. They are feeling great about one another and there's been a lot of talk about how proficient and how many threes they shoot a game. It's 30-plus game, I think they shot 40 in the final of the SEC tournament, but that traditional three-point shooting team.

They've got great guards out front, that can really bounce it, shoot it with range. They have plenty of size and athletes, and that's something we're not used to, we don't play against that type of athlete on a nightly basis. We do randomly in the fall with our schedule but we don't do it night in, night out. That is my biggest concern.

It is going to be like walking out in the cold for the first time in the winter and just trying to adjust and get your body to adjust to that cold and we will have to adjust to athleticism and quickness once the ball is jumped. But it will be a big deal. People talk about our rebounding prowess. We are proud of that, at the same time doing it against this type of athlete.

So if we can win that battle that gets us a step in the right direction.

Q. Can you talk about Trevelin's progression? He can change the game defensively for a night and then he can score another night. Is he an X factor for you?
CHRIS JANS: I have never had someone be eligible at Christmas and he didn't get here till late, so I really didn't think he was going to be eligible all year-long. Fortunately, he was. And so he didn't know the system, the terminology, he was always with the scout team. I wasn't coaching him very much. We were trying to get him acclimatized to our system and program, and he becomes eligible and at that point he could be our X factor because of the talent, you could see the talent, the size, the ability. But how long would it take for him to adjust to us in what we're trying to do.

If you watch his progression and you watch the games like you have, you can see the steady progression. There were some ups and downs early, but as the season progressed, you knew he was capable of being that X factor because he has the ability to score the ball, rebound the ball and be a play maker. And he's got size in his position and that was something we were lacking until his arrival.

So I'm excited for him. He's very confident every day. He thinks he's the best player on the court, no matter where he's playing, who he is playing against. And hopefully that will help him playing against these type of teams. He's showed everybody that was watching our game on Saturday what he's capable of and hopefully that will boost his confidence and he will continue to play the way he is.

Q. One of your players has had a bit of a homecoming. What has he brought to your team, JoJo Zamora, as fifth-year senior?
CHRIS JANS: He won a couple of games for us single-handedly for us this year. He's capable of that. As a coach, you want him to be a bit more consistent. Sure is nice bringing someone off the bench that you know can change a game with three or four shots, and he is capable of doing that.

And I'm proud of him because I don't think he's ever considered a defender. It's been a foreign word to him before he arrived at our place. He's got on the floor because he's been a willing defender and he's a better rebounder. So we're hopeful that in one of these games he can go on one of these special runs and turn the tide, if you will.

Q. Chris, in regards to Auburn's athleticism, how do you counter that? You don't want your guys to be dealing in headlights. I'm sure they won't be. How do you counter that?
CHRIS JANS: A good question. Still trying to figure it out. (Laughter.)

We have to use our technique. We've got to check them out, old school basketball. If we just turn and look at the rim and the ball is shot, we're not going to win the jumping contest. We have to rely on our habits of checking out. We are quick to the ball. And just being tough.

If we try to just step in the center of the ring and just duke it out with them, we will have problems. We have to try and control tempo as best we can and pick our spots and I think rebounding is going to be a big deal. We've got to be able to beat them to some loose balls, beat them on some long rebounds. Because both teams shoot a lot of threes, there will be a lot of long rebounds.

The long rebounds don't necessarily, not necessarily an advantage for the taller players. It is an advantage for the quicker players, people that move first and track the ball down. And so we're going to try to use our quickness and tenacity to our advantage and hopefully rely on our training.

Q. Coach, you spent a good part of your career at Wichita State under Gregg Marshall. What did you take away from that?
CHRIS JANS: I wouldn't be sitting here if it wasn't for Coach Marshall. We had some great teams, a heck of a run and it was a lot of fun to be part of it. I felt like I was getting a PhD in basketball and probably most importantly, how to be a CEO of an organization. I mean the way he ran his program, he was on it every day and he brought energy and ideas and thoughts and you knew what you were getting every day with him, he never took a day off. He was always ready to go at practice. I learned a lot from observing him how to run the program and he's been doing this for over 20 years as head coach. Arguably one of the best coaches in the country right now.

And just to be by his side, watch him work at his craft and to take all that knowledge with me and try to implement to our program, like I said, I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him.

Q. This year, you have 12, 13 guys you can throw on the floor that could have an impact at any time. How beneficial is that to have coming into a game like this?
CHRIS JANS: Hopefully, it will be. Last year, our biggest problem in playing against teams like this, these power five teams, was their size made the court smaller and we only had three guys on the floor at one time that could shoot the basketball. They made the court look smaller. We had a hard time trying to get penetration. We throw it inside there will be two or three guys with their length swiping at the ball, we weren't able to spread the floor like we are now.

That is our biggest change, our spacing and having more guys on the floor that are capable scorers and teams can't focus on one or two guys. Hopefully, that will help us tomorrow in being able to get better shots off against a team that is trying to turn you over.

Q. Coach, the second time as a head coach here, what did you learn the first time last year that you are going to take into this experience?
CHRIS JANS: It is good to be back. It's good to be back up here answering these questions. What I learned as a head coach -- I have been an assistant and played in a number of NCAA tournament games, Final Four, when you are in that seat next door and walk out there, the lights are brighter, the lights are brighter and it feels different. Even for me.

I've talked to our team about it. Winning the WAC Championship was fun, it was awesome, but it felt different, it wasn't as euphoric as it was last year being my first time and my first time at New Mexico State and we have guys that have been with us and coached by us that was here last year. We talked about how different it is. How getting up on this podium and walking out for the open practice and the media interviews and when the ball is tipped, it feels different.

I think because of me being in that position now and our players being able to educate our new guys, I'm hoping that experience will help our new guys this time around. You have to go through something to get that experience. Now we have. Hopefully, it will help us tomorrow.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Guys, first off, what do you think of New Mexico State, the depth, what you have seen in your scouting, in your preparation? Bryce?
BRYCE BROWN: They're a talented team, a very deep team like you said, they have pretty good guards, good bigs, and they have depth in all of those areas. So I think guarding their guards, keeping their guards in front of us, you know, helping our bigs out a little bit because it won't be a one-man team for them. Just helping out as much as we can because we're going to see these quick guards, fast guards, they are kind of undersized in their big, so their bigs aren't slow, undersized big as well.

Q. Jared?
JARED HARPER: They shoot the three-ball well, they are a similar team to us. They like to run, they like to press and force turnovers. So see how similar they are to us and know the things we have to do.

Q. I'd ask both of you, how did you end up in Auburn, what were your other choices, what was the thing that put you over the top to go to Auburn?
JARED HARPER: I thought Auburn was a good situation for me. It was closer to home. To play as a freshman, that was another big thing in this and I wanted to be part of making history. It's a perfect situation for me and Bryce and for my teammates to come in and make history.

BRYCE BROWN: My situation is similar to Jared. It was very close to home. With Coach Pearl, we have, I felt very confident playing this system and just seeing myself fitting very well in the system as well as it was very close to home and I know he likes to play fast and shoot a lot of three balls.

And that was just part of the things I looked at that was part of my interest.

Q. A lot of media people making picks have said New Mexico State might be an upset with a 12-5, it is a regular thing. Do you pay attention to that? What are your thoughts on that? Bryce?
BRYCE BROWN: We don't try to pay too much attention to it. It is one of the biggest parts of the year, March Madness. I don't know how long, like, before high school, middle school, high school, so it isn't new to me. I have been the type of person that wanted beat the odds and I have been able to do that.

So it is nothing new to us, we are used to be being the underdogs and like I said, nothing new.

Q. Jared?
JARED HARPER: We don't pay too much attention to it. It is another motivation this year. We are playing our best basketball this time of the year, so we are not thinking too much of what other people are saying. It is what goes on in our locker room, that is our main focus and doing what we need to do to fulfil our goals.

Q. Bryce, you talked about New Mexico State, preparing for their depth, how many guys they have. What challenge is that for you guys in preparing for a line-up where there are so many different looks, different type of players that you have to prepare for?
BRYCE BROWN: We probably haven't seen that all year, and when you get around this time of the season, coaches, strength in rotations and we don't do that, so that makes them similar to us. They don't shrink their rotation so they have 13 or 14 guys that play, all of them are capable of going off at any moment in the game.

That's why we have to pay close attention to our scouting report because they shoot the ball well and, like I said, not a single person we have to focus in on. They have a pretty good point guard that directs most of the traffic. He makes most of the play calls and makes most of the plays. Other guys are able to make plays well and knock down shots, you know. They do a good job spreading the floor and things like that, similar to us, you know.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Pearl, please.

Q. Hey, Coach. Just kick it off with what you spent a couple of years out of basketball, we all know about that. How tough was that for you and did you have doubt that you would ever not only just get back to coaching, but get back to here?
BRUCE PEARL: Yeah, I started coaching in 1982. And what year is it now? 2019. And like I was only out of coaching for three years. So I basically have been coaching my whole life. And so you're going to ask me a question about the three years I wasn't coaching? I'm 58 years old, two days ago.

I want to talk about coaching. I love Auburn, I love the SEC. I'm so proud of the SEC, 15 teams have made the NCAA tournament last two years out of the SEC. That's a lot of progress, you know, for our league. I did it six times at Tennessee. And now we've been able to do it a couple of times here at Auburn. So obviously it's what I've always done my whole life.

And so, it's great to have the opportunity to make a difference in young people's lives because it's a ministry. And to be able to teach and to coach -- if you played, you remember the way you looked at your coach. And the impact that your coaches had on your life, not just on the field and on the court but off as well. It's great to be in this place. It's where God wants me. It's where I feel very blessed to be.

Q. Bruce, what's different about the game plan for a team that can go 13 deep?
BRUCE PEARL: 13 deep. You have to know all the personnel. Harris and Brown will be key match-ups. When you get guys that didn't play against Kansas and later leads them in scoring. You have to know them all.

Just been very impressed with this New Mexico State team. They have only lost four games this year. Coach Jans is 57-10, his losses this year: St. Mary's, they're in tournament; Kansas, he about had them beat; lost to Drake who won the Missouri Valley contest.

He and I, like, are second cousins in that I spent some time as assistant at Iowa. My former assistant, who is now the head coach at East Tennessee State, they were on the staff together. Chris Jans and Steve Thorpe, you are talking about great coaches. Chris Jans worked for Porter Moser. They were good. They run great stuff. His kids play hard. They'll be a tough out.

Q. I'm curious about the dynamic of having an assistant coach who used to be a head coach on your staff. What is good about that? Maybe what's annoying about that? Have you ever thought, I'm going to kick this guy to the curb and get a 25-year-old in here who will agree with everything I say?
BRUCE PEARL: That's a great question. This is not overused: Surround yourself with people better than you. You can do that now. A lot of head coaches out there -- I'm one of them -- that's lived that, I'm telling you. So, you talk about Wes Flanigan, a former head coach, who was an assistant at one time to Chris Beard.

Listen, I've got a guy named Chad Prewett, a high school coach in Auburn, he's the director of basketball operations, I'd stand him up against anybody. I've got an assistant director of basketball operations, Mike Burgomaster, that was a manager for Jim Larranaga at Miami, pretty good coach. My son is my assistant coach, nobody better to go to to find out what to do and not to do to piss me off.

Having all different -- and listening to every voice, respect all the voices out there. And the one thing you don't want to do is you don't want to be so strong that they are intimidated to tell you what they think. I want to know what they think. I want them to challenge my thinking. Once we leave a meeting and a decision is made, I make my decision work. I'm going to make the decision to the best of my ability. It may not be the right one. Let's go make it work.

Q. Bruce, the three years that you spent not coaching this entire long career, how are you a different coach now than you were before?
BRUCE PEARL: That's a good question. I think a little older, a little wiser, maybe a bit more patient. Maybe a little bit more grateful. Humble. But I'll tell you something, when I was out of coaching for a few years, I had a lot of bills to pay, still. So, my daughter Leah told me something that I will never forget. I worked for a company for three years in addition to my time with XM Radio and ESPN, the HT Hackney Company, we put stuff in convenience stores, that was my new family. And Leah told me that she had never been prouder of her father because I treated that job like it was my last.

My job as a coach may be more visible, but I had to take care of my family. I jumped into that job as a vice president and I worked 7 days a week, I grinded, just like I had to do in coaching. You have to do what you got to do to take care of your family. If I gained my little girl's respect because I was no longer coaching but I was putting candy in a convenience store, that'll be okay.

Q. How have you adjusted to the altitude and will it change the way you coach the game tomorrow?
BRUCE PEARL: We got the dizziness out of the kids, let them feel -- it's a first for them. It won't be a second or third, but the first time you get winded, wow, this is different. After that, you are adjusted to it.

There are some things you can snack on, some drinks you can have that can help alleviate that. There will be oxygen on the bench, most likely for me not the players. I'll have oxygen there. Allen Greene wanted to make sure I had oxygen on the bench. He's seen me get elevated a time or two.

Q. Anything you got out of the convenience store wholesaling job that you are able to bring into coaching or coaching into the other job?
BRUCE PEARL: I'll make this transition for you. When I was working for ESPN, I'd get done with the game, or with the studio show and I -- two things, I had no idea whether I had a good day or bad day. You know what I'm saying? Okay. The second thing is I didn't necessarily think I made anybody any better. And I was for the first time in my life getting paid for what I could do. What I realized is that I can't do anything.

My abilities is to help other people, empower other people for them to do great things. So as a coach, it's my job to help my student-athletes do great things; graduate, you know, serve the community, play good basketball or staff.

So what I did, I missed the coaching because I missed that, so what did they do? I took my thousand employees that I had working in the industry I was in, I tried to make them better, I tried to help make them better and we were better as a company, I hope.

Q. Bruce, the narrative around this, one of the narratives around this team is all you do is shoot threes, too many threes, but it works. When you hear that, what do you think?
BRUCE PEARL: It's like when you listen to color guys and they say press a pressing team. I hear that, you don't know what you are talking about. Please press me, I love to be pressed. We press. You win by the three and you die by the three. That's a good one. That makes a lot of sense.

How about this one: Scratch where it itches. Do what you do. If I have five guys that can't shoot a three ball, you think I'm going to have them shoot a three ball? Not very long.

We will put four or five guys on the floor that can shoot it. It is most important I give them the confidence to shoot it. When they take a bad shot, I blame the other four guys for not getting offensive rebounds and bailing them out.

As long as the thing is going to be worth more than the two, it's an open shot, most three balls you don't get much contact. Every other shot in the court, you are getting hit. If you can't make an open shot, it is hard to play the game.

So yeah, occasionally we shoot it early or take a bad shot or -- next play. Get to the next play. The best play in basketball, the best play in basketball is the three-point shot, the inside three-point shot. The second-best play in basketball is outside that three-point line.

Q. Can you just describe what seemed to come together after the Kentucky game?
BRUCE PEARL: We went into the Kentucky game feeling pretty good about our team, we had won some games. We felt like we may have been one of the few teams that could go there and compete with them. That is how we felt going in. We hit them hard, Kentucky played great and you could see a difference lining up against them. Our guys saw a difference.

And so what do you do about it? It is what it is. I think a couple of things. One: We had to make some offense out of our defense. If you sat there and let Kentucky do what they wanted to do, not very good. Second thing: The guys understood that at this point with four games to go, we have to win or we won't be in this tournament, we have to win or this season will be a disappointment. Everybody got locked in, everybody got bought in, they started trusting each other, relying on each other more, then as a result we pulled off eight straight.

Q. Bruce, one more career question. Do you have any memories of being involved in Utah State's coaching search 20 years ago?
BRUCE PEARL: I do. I do. I was actually on vacation down in Florida and, man, I was excited about that possibility. I think I was a Division II coach at the time at Southern Indiana. I did not get very far in the process because they hired a guy named Stew Morrill and it was one of the best hires in college basketball. Steve went there and did a better job, he is way better than I will be. I do remember being excited about that possibility.

Q. Back to New Mexico State, how do you prepare for a team that like somebody mentioned, at any time one of 13 guys can go off on you and have a big night and impact a game?
BRUCE PEARL: They don't have any weaknesses. They can score inside and out. They can rebound the ball. They can defend. If you get past one guy, which is difficult because they move their feet well, they take charges. They're good. So, yeah, personnel is important.

And they've got some tendencies and we are on those tendencies, but we have been the New Mexico State of the SEC. We play with ten guys and we fly around and we turn you over and we shoot a lot of threes. We are not as good a rebounding team as they are. But maybe it has to do we are in the SEC.

But we haven't played against a team like New Mexico State unless we have won against ourselves. So I would say it's a tough match-up for us because there's nobody in the league that plays like them.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. For both players, growing up watching the NCAA tournament, can you talk about maybe some of your fondest memories of watching the tournament and your thoughts on being here now as freshman? Ochai?
OCHAI AGBAJI: It is really special. I'm excited to play. Like he said, growing up watching this, kind of came fast, but now that I'm here in the moment, it's surreal.

DAVID McCORMACK: Agreeing with Ochai. A tremendous feeling being here, I have grown up watching it. Always playing basketball, you always want to be in the same footsteps as other players that you are very fond of. Now we are here, I'm taking full advantage of it.

Q. One of Northeastern's strengths this season has been the three-point shot. What is your guys' mentality to stifle that defensively? David?
DAVID McCORMACK: Knowing they are a great three-point shooting team, we will have to press up because they like to play four-on-one in. So we will have to make sure we take away all first-thought shots and make sure that we are communicating and switching when we need to and things of those sorts.

Q. Ochai?
OCHAI AGBAJI: Like he said, get to shooters, really pressure them. Obviously, they play four out, one in, and we play that, too. We can match that with their guard play, too, so...

Q. Just for you guys and the freshmen group you have had, how have you developed over the course of the season as you have gotten to this point and maybe together gelled a bit more as you have faced adversity through injuries with your team. Ochai?
OCHAI AGBAJI: We have matured a lot, what we have been through and the games we have been through sort of thing.

Q. David?
DAVID McCORMACK: It doesn't feel like we are freshmen anymore, expectations change. The more experience you have on the court, the better you have a feel for the game so things become easier and there is a better flow. When we face adversity, it brings us closer together as a team and unites us.

Q. David, Dedric has been a workhorse for you guys. What do you expect out of him in this game?
DAVID McCORMACK: He is a great points scorer, he can shoot. So as long as he knows how to play and has that confidence that he always brings, we are behind him.

Q. Ochai, is there a team that you have faced this year that reminds you of Northeastern with their guard lineup the way they shoot the three?
OCHAI AGBAJI: I'd probably have to say Iowa State. Playing them, all four of their guards can shoot it. They kind of played that. So I think, you know, we'll be guarding similar to how we did to them and also Texas Tech, too, they play four out-one in, and they can all shoot it, too.

Q. David, for you, playing with a guy like Dedric, how has that helped your development and how have you worked together?
DAVID McCORMACK: It's helped my game a lot. Watching him play makes my game easier. He slows down the game, it makes it easier as far as passing and opening up shots and opening up lanes. So when a guy can do that, it makes the big man job much easier.

Q. Ochai mentioned Iowa State and Texas Tech games. How are those games going to help you prepare defensively for this one?
OCHAI AGBAJI: Those two games, they shot really well, especially Texas Tech. So I think we can't give them those open looks, we have to come out way more aggressive than we did in those games and I think we'll be fine.

Q. Ochai, you go from red shirt to starting in the NCAA tournament all in one season. It's a whirlwind type of year for you. Can you kind of say what it's all been like for you?
OCHAI AGBAJI: It's been crazy and came really fast. I remember when I was a red shirt on the bench, and next thing I'm being called up to play. It's happened in the space of a month. It happened really fast. I'm enjoying it, though.

THE MODERATOR: Questions for Coach Bill Self, please.

Q. Just I wonder what the challenges are, if there are different challenges with the younger team to have them in the right mindset?
BILL SELF: It's a different challenge for you guys that haven't had a chance to compete in the tournament before. With us, we have only got two that have competed in it, Marcus and Mitch. So even though we have transfers and some experience, it's all brand-new to them as well.

I think it's pretty easy all week-long to be excited, to be enthusiastic, to have your mind in the right spot. But then when you get down to absolute playing, not to have that -- feel that extra pressure and tense up. I think there is a balance, and experience does help with that. We are doing all we can to make sure our guys are as loose as they can be and it should be a reward to play in the tournament and to go on and have fun.

Q. Northeastern is really hot from behind the arc and Ochai said Texas Tech and Iowa State can maybe help you in this one. Do you think your players can draw from those for this one?
BILL SELF: I hope we defend Northeastern better than we did the other two. (Laughter.)

I do think it helps. We got lit up pretty good on both occasions. I think it's -- I think from a mindset standpoint, we go from whatever your philosophy is to clogging the lane or making them score over the top, to now you have to make sure you are there on the catch and short closeouts, if any, and certainly your ball screen defense has to be great because they're very, very good scoring off of that.

It is a challenge. They can shoot. I don't know if anybody has mentioned, releases are quick. That's the thing that's unbelievable. Not very often you see in college basketball where you see kids that don't have to dip to shoot, and they got guys that don't dip to shoot so it makes it harder to close out because when you think you're there, you may not be there in time.

Q. Bill, thank you for your time. What would you attribute to your success late in games, games decided by five points or less?
BILL SELF: I don't know. Luck. Having a player that can go get his own shot at the end of a clock. You know, that's a lot of it right there. Many games were decided by five points or less, so we could have easily been up nine with 30 seconds left and not closed the game right.

I think guards that can go get their own is obviously something that's very, very important in those games. And also having guys, guards that can close games out from a free-throw standpoint. Late-game situations also, having guys that can switch five, things like that, that certainly comes into play that don't come into play throughout the first 38 minutes of a game usually.

Q. Coach, both of these teams came into the season with high expectations based on where they are in the landscape of things. Both teams dealt with injuries throughout the year. Do you see any similarities between how they have defined both you and Northeastern throughout the season?
BILL SELF: I don't know all the stuff about Bill's group from a preseason standpoint. So, obviously, their preseason, peaked high in the league, they finished high, I don't know whether they were preseason picked.

But, you know, they had dealt with some injuries but they seem to be full strength now. And the injuries with us have been disappointing, or what we've dealt with has been disappointing. There has been a finality to it. When the injury occurs, it is over for that year. When this occurs, it is over. It can also mess you up in the interim, you know you are coming back.

So we are going to keep playing the same way we are playing even though we are not as good playing that way and now we are going to get them back. I don't know if that happened with Northeastern. The finality of the injury with us may have been a blessing the way it did because we knew we can move forward without it.

Q. Obviously everyone gets caught up in name brands and people like yourself that everyone knows. Bill Coen, how good is he and how maybe underappreciated are guys like him at places like Northeastern?
BILL SELF: My first experience of knowing Bill was when he was with Al at BC. Look at the stat they had at BC, that was a strong stat. Also, to me, Bill -- I haven't spent a ton of time with him or anything -- but on the road we have been cordial and spoke. I have always been impressed with his thinking about the game. I mean, he would be a guy that would be great to sit on all the boards with the NABC and things like that because he gets it, at least from the way I see it, and he's accomplished a lot.

But certainly he does take me back to my earlier days when you're playing four guards and they are all tough as nails and playing around one big and having about as much fun as you can have. You're probably having as much fun coaching them as they have playing. And that didn't happen each and every year.

So I don't know how Bill is, he is younger than me I'm sure. His career path is certainly on an upward tick, you know. I do think he's thought of to be a very well respected and one of the better coaches in our business.

Q. Bill, I'm curious about the dynamic of having a former head coach on your staff with Norm. What does he bring that is different, better than guys who have never sat in that chair? And also why were you okay with bringing someone in? Some coaches would be hesitant to bring in someone that had that type of experience, might be intimidated by it.
BILL SELF: No, that was not the case. I don't know if you know this, I helped raise Norm's two kids. Norm has been with me since 1995 as an assistant, at Illinois as an assistant, at Kansas for one year, and he got a fabulous opportunity in New York City to coach St. John's and it didn't work out very well, they went a different direction after six years and we had the opportunity to bring Norm back.

So I personally don't think that coaches should be in any way, shape or form intimidated by adding something to their staff that makes them better. And Norm is a better assistant now having been a head coach before because he can see it through different lenses than what he could before. A lot of times I think assistant coaches, I know when I was, I saw it through a lens of maybe what's best for the player or for this situation as opposed to seeing it through a lens if we do it this way, this could affect how we handle something a year from now or something like that. So he brings a maturity to that that is very helpful.

Q. Regarding Northeastern, is it easy for you to think back all the time?
BILL SELF: I don't think back all the time. (Laughter.)

Q. Is it easy for you to remember being on the other side of the brand label? You have occasions like Tulsa. Is it easy to remember that side of the coin?
BILL SELF: It is easier to remember and certainly I think that so many times -- let's just be totally candid and honest. When teams watch certain teams play on TV, I'm sure if you were at a school, like we were at Tulsa, we got tired of seeing those schools and you could name every player one through eight, even their substitution patterns, you get to know that, but how often do the players that you are coaching at a school that's more exposed get a chance to see those players?

So you come in, you know, into a situation where obviously there's mutual respect but there may be a bit more of a chip on somebody else's shoulder and that is what you have to negate.

It can't mean more to one than it does to the other. It certainly means a lot. We know that. It has to mean much or more to us but that is how upsets occur.

We have been in a situation where we play somebody and your best player, you know, can't pronounce a name, other teams talk about it. Even though it had one thing to do with prior to the outcome, it does light a fire more, so to speak.

Q. Northeastern doesn't have a single freshman on the squad, while you guys play four. Do you see that kind of experience coming into effect?
BILL SELF: It could. Who knows. It could. We're young. And certainly I think there's a lot of things that wins the tournament, one could be experience. I also think that there's a lot of other things that win, too. Whether it be talent or will or a lot of other intangibles.

Certainly, we are not only -- our experience, we are less experienced than four freshmen and a junior. Two of our freshmen haven't played until midway or to the end of the season. It is not like they are playing all the time. So we decided to play David and Ochai since February for the most part. We are probably a less experienced four freshmen and junior starter than what you think it would be. That is a concern, yes.

Q. Given what you have been through and the inexperience, does it make it, like, easier, harder or just different for you coming into this tournament where obviously you're a well-known program with expectations?
BILL SELF: I think it makes it -- you can say whether it makes it -- it doesn't make it easier. What would make it easier is if you got really good seniors and really talented and they have been there before, i.e., Devonte' and Svi that we had last year.

Has it been harder or less fun? Every team has a different ceiling and coaches know that better than anybody. Our kids have done a pretty good job operating against that ceiling for the most part, not always, obviously. But I think I know what this team is capable of and I think we're capable of doing some great things in this tournament. That pride makes it more challenging and more fun but it doesn't make it any easier.

I don't feel like when you are at Kansas or Carolina, Duke, Michigan State, or whatever, that you go into a deal and say, Okay, you are a lower seed so obviously the pressure is off. I don't think -- there's always pressure to perform at a place like ours. And certainly I don't want that to leave, I want our guys to accept that and know that is how it is when you play here.

But it is challenging. But on the flipside, it's very rewarding and can be very fun, too.

Q. Dedric has been one of the go-to guys. What do you expect out of him for this one?
BILL SELF: I expect him to be our best player. I think something that wins you tournaments, your best players play the best. We expect him to be good tomorrow and expect him to be good as long as we are fortunate enough to stay around. If he is not, we have to certainly, you know, have others step up.

But the reality of it is, our chances to be successful aren't as high when our best players don't play well. We expect to play through him and we are going to ride him like we have all year-long.

Q. Bill, Northeastern's best player came from Serbia, he spent a year at Wichita at Sunrise...
BILL SELF: I have watched a tape on him. We have talked to people in Wichita. He is a fabulous player. He plays with pace, he's a point guard with size, he's got great vision and his stroke is pure. He's a tough match-up. And certainly I don't want to say that -- I do know of him before the selection show came out, I'm not going to say that I didn't because I did. After watching him, he has to be one of the better unknown talents in America, he is a really good guard.

Q. Coming from a foreign country like he did, do you see any kind of style of play that maybe you wouldn't see from an American player or not?
BILL SELF: I would say I don't know. His skill set, he's got range, he can handle, he's got size, you can tell probably at a very early age he learned how to be a point guard even though he's tall because of skill set. We had a kid last year in Svi that I see a lot of similarities in the way they carry themselves on the court.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. This question is for Tyus. Now the season is officially in the books, what can you tell us about your future in Syracuse?
TYUS BATTLE: I'm not making any decisions. I'm not worrying about that right now. I mean, this was a tough loss for us. I thought we did a pretty good job offensively. We have to do a better job defensively. They got way too many threes. It was just a tough loss.

Q. You had a great first half and then went a long time without scoring in the second half. Were you not feeling well? You went to the bench at one point because you got a bloody nose. Did they change their defense on you? What was going on?
ELIJAH HUGHES: Nothing necessarily. Tyus got going a little bit so he took over and did his thing and I started getting in the rhythm a little bit as the half went on.

Q. Tyus, how much did you guys miss Frank's defense out there? Mason had a big game for them. Was that a factor?
TYUS BATTLE: No. I'm not going to leave it on one person. We have to do a better job as a team finding shooters and keeping the guys in front of us. I'm not going to keep it on one person like that.

Q. It's not the end you want, but your first season in Syracuse, what will you remember from your first year?
ELIJAH HUGHES: How resilient this team is. We never put our heads down really all year. A lot of times people counted us out certain games. We knew we had a chance and we went out and competed. Probably how resilient this team is.

THE MODERATOR: We will dismiss the student-athletes and when they have left the stage, we will direct questions to Coach Boeheim. Thank you, guys. Questions for Coach, please.

Q. Jim, do you agree with Tyus's assessment that, you know, you guys didn't miss Frank as much as the rest of us thought?
JIM BOEHEIM: Obviously, we missed him. He is our point guard. I'm not going to sit here and make excuses. He isn't here. Would we have liked to have had him? Yeah.

THE MODERATOR: More questions for Coach.

Q. Jim, what did you see from your defense? Your two-three usually creates problems for teams this time of year, especially for teams that don't see it.
JIM BOEHEIM: They are a smart team. They are good against zones. They play zone. They got the ball in the middle and used the guys as passers, and we didn't cover it as well as we needed to. Both guards have to key it, which way they go. And that's where our inexperience probably hurt the most because we didn't really make the right rotations, and that's a little bit of the inexperience of having a freshman out there.

Q. Jim, how do you have to change what you do without Frank on the floor?
JIM BOEHEIM: Well, Tyus had played some points, so offensively, I thought we handled everything pretty well. We attacked their zone well when they changed to the zone, we attacked their man-to-man pretty well. It puts a huge strain on Tyus. He gets no chance to rest a little bit. I think he got tired a little bit at the end because he's got to do so much with the ball. But I thought offensively we were fine. We played as well offensively as we played for the most part.

Defensively, that's where it hurt us. It hurt us on the defensive end. We rebounded pretty well. We handled the ball pretty well. We moved the ball well. You know, we shot the ball extremely well. It's, you know -- we wanted to get to the foul line and we did that. But we needed to make a couple of threes in there when the run went on. The advantage of trying to get to the basket is to get to the free-throw line, which we did, but we just didn't get there enough, really.

Q. Jim, considering what you brought back, the pieces you added, how would you describe this season? Are you disappointed with the year you guys have had?
JIM BOEHEIM: I think you are always disappointed when you lose in a tournament, if you think you had a chance to win. We obviously had a chance to win the game tonight. You know, it's been an up-and-down year. We started out really poorly, and even though we lost to some pretty good teams early, Oregon is a good team especially with Bol Bol. And obviously Buffalo is and Old Dominion, they're tough teams. We played pretty consistently in the league, we beat the teams we were supposed to. We upset Duke obviously, and upset with Ohio State at Ohio State. Those were good ones.

It was a solid year. It just wasn't the year I think we would have liked to have had. I thought these kids, I thought everybody played well. I think with Buddy coming in, Elijah coming in their first years, Marek and Oshae are sophomores. But I think we didn't have the consistency from the beginning, missing Frank for a long time and then obviously at the end. So, it wasn't the year I think it could have been.

But all in all, considering everything, I would say it's been a solid year.

Q. Coach, you have enjoyed great success, particularly in the first round of the NCAA tournament. You are dealing with a disappointed locker room. How would you summarize the message you gave to your team a few minutes ago?
JIM BOEHEIM: It's what I have said right here. I thought we got off to a really bad start from this game and dug ourselves back into it. Really played well 30-some minutes, we had the lead and we had two defensive breakdowns, we gave two wide-open threes and we couldn't get back from that. We come back the whole game from the beginning, you know, in the half, even the second half came back. But we just couldn't get enough done in the defensive end tonight.

And again, when a team shoots like that, obviously they're going to make -- they are a pretty good shooting team. But guys that don't shoot a lot go three-for-three and they bank the three in the first half, they banked the foul line shot that hit the top of the backboard and went in. Those things sometimes happen and those are sometimes, those are sometimes hard to overcome.

We played well offensively for a long time tonight. Then we missed two key free throws when it was obviously still close and then we missed the lay-up. And we are still right there. But they made a couple of big threes at the end. That was the difference in the game.

But considering the circumstances, we played really well. And nobody's happy when you lose. But Baylor's a really difficult team for us to play against. They pass it well and they shoot it well. And Mason is a really accomplished veteran point guard and he knows where the ball should be. And he can shoot it, too. So, it was difficult for us. Probably of any team other than the one-seeds in the tournament, or two, Baylor is a harder team for us to play than anybody else that was three, four, five, six, seven. I would almost rather have played anybody.

But they just really -- I mean, they might not make 16 if we played them, but they'd make 12 I think. They are good, they are a really good shooting team. And we knew that coming in. We tried to adjust our defense outward. But that's where the inexperience at the guard spot hurt us the most in the defensive end. Okay?

THE MODERATOR: Last question.

Q. I was wondering what your thoughts are on Buddy's performance tonight.
JIM BOEHEIM: He struggled offensively, but I'd expect that from a freshman. I'm not sure -- where are you from?

Q. Citrus TV.
JIM BOEHEIM: Where?

Q. Syracuse.
JIM BOEHEIM: I should have known that. The first question, I should have known that.

Thank you, guys.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Jordan, just looking at the second half there, you guys came out to start the half, cut it to seven, and then they proceeded to outscore you guys 32-6 over an 11-minute stretch. What kind of got away from you as a team defensively and offensively in that stretch?
JORDAN ROLAND: I think getting away from our plan. We had a game plan that we went in and we didn't execute, we got a little momentum going. Before that, they came out and we weren't able to stop them.

Q. Just for both of you. Vasa and Anthony are playing their final game, what was it like to play with them?
THE MODERATOR: Jordan?

JORDAN ROLAND: We will miss them tremendously. They have done a lot for our program. Vasa is one of my closest friends, so I will miss him. All three brought a lot to our program and they will be definitely missed.

THE MODERATOR: Bolden?

BOLDEN BRACE: I think being with those guys for the three years that I was, was a really special opportunity for me. I went through a lot of turmoil with those guys. I feel after this season, it almost seems like we overcame some of that. Despite the loss tonight, I'm appreciative I got the opportunity to play with those guys and be a part of this family with those guys. So I think they really are special guys and I'm grateful to them.

Q. You guys are known for your excellent three-point shooting and tonight it wasn't there. Were they doing something differently on defense, or was it one of those nights where the shots aren't falling?
THE MODERATOR: Bolden?

BOLDEN BRACE: As coach said, we went in with a plan. We knew they were going to hard show, that was their defensive coverage. And as bigs, we were supposed to pop in and try to skip, get skip, open threes, and I just don't think we executed very well.

After the first couple of shots didn't fall, I don't know if we got a little flustered. We kind of relied on our offense and our three-point shooting and when that didn't work out, I think other parts of our game kind of fell apart a little bit.

THE MODERATOR: Anything more for student-athletes? All right. Thank you, guys. We will return to questions for Coach Coen once the student-athletes have left the stage. Questions for Coach Coen?

Q. Coach, Dedric Lawson is a great player, had a very good game tonight, a tough match-up. It seemed like he got his game going on both levels.
BILL COEN: Yes, he is an outstanding player. Maybe a top ten player in the country. He's got a tremendous feel for the game. He's got great hands. Obviously, his skill set is what it was. I mean, I think he's three-for-five from three. He's incredible around the basket in terms of his timing and his length and the way that he creates angles on the glass.

And we didn't really have a match-up for him. And Bo got him the start, but when they put him at the five, it gets even more problematic for us because he is a guy that can take Anthony away from the basket or Tom -- overpower Tomas underneath.

So it was a very difficult match-up for us going in. We were hoping to do a better job on him. I think every time that we made a mini run, he was the guy that kind of stepped up and answered to it. It speaks to his senior leadership and his talent level. And, you know, when you're facing a guy like that, he just settled them down each and every time that we made a mini run at him.

Q. When we look at the three-point shooting, from your perspective, what was kind of the biggest factor for the shots just not dropping? I mean, it seemed like you were getting some good looks on there, but they just weren't dropping.
BILL COEN: Yeah, I thought we were anxious to start the game. I thought everybody -- usually your catch-and-shoot threes are your best percentage shot threes, and a lot of the threes we took were of that variety, but we also took some threes off the dribble which are generally a lower percentage three.

I thought their switching defense ultimately caused us some problems because they put -- everybody has a man on them, so it's a one-on-one situation. And I thought their defensive scheme turned our team, which is typically an elite teamwork philosophy, into a one-on-one game and that certainly favored Kansas. I mean, whether it was one-on-one on the post and not going against team defense, or on offense trying to go one-on-one against their switching defense. I thought we lost some energy.

I do think at the beginning of the second half we came out, we made a little run at them and thought we could climb back in it. But they answered that with a big punch of their own.

Q. Vasa has done so many good things for you guys over the last couple of years. Was it tough to see him on a personal level have such a struggling performance in his final game for you?
BILL COEN: Yeah, certainly it doesn't diminish what he's accomplished and what he's meant to this program. But whenever -- it's so hard to get to this stage and I think everybody almost in some respect just wanted it too badly to happen. And sometimes when you try too hard, or you push too much, you put too much expectation on yourself, you cannot perform at a high level.

But he's been outstanding. We would not be playing today, we'd all be home, you know, glued to our TVs watching it if it weren't for Vasa. He's a tremendous competitor. He's a tremendous leader. And unfortunately today, he didn't have his best game. But we're proud of him, as we are of all the guys and their efforts throughout the year.

Q. Bill, forgive me if you have been asked. But you made a line-up change in the second half, brought some guys off the bench. What were you thinking, was it to get some new blood and let those other guys watch the game for a minute?
BILL COEN: I thought we were pressing and we were pressing most of the game offensively and so -- even defensively, we were trying to contain their defensive transition and we were taking some gambles in the back court. Guys were one-pass shot on the offensive end, we didn't take time to break the defense down. And it's not because they don't want to win, they don't want to -- they are trying to help, but sometimes when you're in the moment, if you can take a breather and see it out, one, to get some fresh blood in there, guys were coming out a little winded and just utilized the guys on the bench, maybe change our energy. I thought that group did a decent job. They settled down. They ran some offense. It wasn't perfect. But it allowed the other guys to kind of shift their paradigm a little bit.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. We talked about Syracuse and their zone, and the players were saying there is nothing like our zone, we are longer than other teams, you can't prep for it. But you guys play a zone. You haven't used it as much this year. So did that play a big role in you being so confident in taking so many threes that it was something you were used to?
THE MODERATOR: Jared, let's start with you.

JARED BUTLER: Our zone is very different and I think our mentality going to the game, that we had to make shots, was important. And we know when we play zone and guys hit tough shots, it's heartbreaking. So we had that same mentality going into this game and we had to lock down on defense.

But like I said, the zone is different, they make you think. I think our aggressiveness and wanting to shoot the ball helped us a lot.

MAKAI MASON: The fact we play zone helped us in this game, being able to go against that and practice every day with our guys flying around, we are used to those kind of shots, just kickout threes. That helped us tonight.

Yeah, they have great length across the board, sometimes tough to get in high post. I thought we did that well at times. That really helped us.

Q. Can you describe the win for Baylor Nation, the crowd was loud and you guys were going like two heavyweights toe to toe, but you ended up... describe this win for you guys.
THE MODERATOR: Makai?

MAKAI MASON: It was pretty special. Honestly, being picked ninth in the Big 12, we harp on that a lot these days. We have the underdog mentality. We're not backing down from anybody. That's the reason why we were able to stay calm in those big moments. We know we're sticking together and, at the end of the day, we ain't supposed to be here, and we're just happy to be moving on.

THE MODERATOR: Jared.

JARED BUTLER: We have been through a lot all season, a lot of ups and downs, a lot of doubtfulness. I want to say this, these guys stuck together, we stayed together, even through four losses back-to-back. So these guys are special. Everybody believes in Coach Drew and the coaching staff. So, man, I think we deserve this in a way, so it's big time.

Q. Again for both of you. How many three-point shooting contests have the two of you participated in and did it feel like that the first half? Each team only attempted five twos and I noticed when you guys came on the floor to warm up for the second half, no one was taking shots in the paint, it was all outside the arc.
MAKAI MASON: Jared doesn't want to talk about our three-point contest.

JARED BUTLER: In the first half, we expected Makai to hit at least five threes. Makai, when he comes out in the first half, it's butter. In the second half, I had to get him. I had to hit a couple and-ones, took a couple of threes. Yeah, he's a great shooter, man. (Laughter.)

MAKAI MASON: It was fun to go back and forth with them. We weren't expecting them to hit shots like that. They hit some tough ones and we hung in there and they pulled up.

Q. You both talked a lot about just now your three-pointers and how big of a momentum swing that was for you guys. You both hit threes and you turned around on defense and took big charges. Can you talk about how much that means for your team to have that impact on the defensive side as well?
SCOTT DREW: That is a great question.

JARED BUTLER: Makai actually leads the team in charges. We actually stat the charges after their game and tried to get the most charges for a pair of shoes. Lucky. (Laughter.) Makai does a great job. I want to be just like that when he takes charges, he gets the team riled up. And any way I can get momentum swings and get the good players in foul trouble I'll try to do. Makai has taught me how to take some charges, I'm not going to lie.

MAKAI MASON: JB has three more years to get to that charge level (laughter.) But it shows our mentality, our toughness. We're not trying to celebrate threes, we're trying to make the next play. That's big for us.

THE MODERATOR: We have time for one more question for the student-athletes.

Q. Do you guys have any thoughts on Gonzaga? Have you watched them at all this year? Did you watch them at all earlier?
JARED BUTLER: I have watched being a college basketball fan, they have a great, solid team. Every team can be beaten in March. We will prepare just like any other team, scout, look at their tendencies and their best players. So we are going into it like we are playing another team.

I'm not saying Gonzaga are not good, they are amazing, but we are levelheaded going into it.

Q. This question is for Makai. You beat Baylor in 2016 in the NCAA tournament.
MAKAI MASON: Today was better.

Q. How would you compare and contrast the feelings of those book-end tournament wins?
MAKAI MASON: Both are very different. But both are special for their own reason.

When I was at Yale, we hadn't been in the tournament for like 64 years. We were a huge underdog going into that game. With Baylor, just -- basically, they missed the last two years, just go through all that physically and mentally. Just to come out here and have a chance to compete against the best, you know, going into March Madness, you can't write a better story, really.

THE MODERATOR: We will let the players go and once they have left the stage, we will turn it over to questions for Coach. Questions for Coach Drew.

Q. Scott, what were you thinking the first half when you were trading threes? Were you enjoying it or were you thinking maybe we could put the ball in the paint occasionally?
SCOTT DREW: I'm an offensive coach so I liked it. Defensively, when you're making shots like that and not getting separation, that is frustrating. So, I liked what we were executing on offense, but defensively, I thought we needed to be better. And really credit Syracuse for making a lot of shots and some tough shots. And we had some defensive breakdowns and Coach Boeheim has his team executing at a high level and you can't have breakdowns against a good team.

Q. Coach, Buddy has been a big three-point shooter for Syracuse, and he did not hit a single one. What was the game plan on him to stop him hitting threes today?
SCOTT DREW: You can see his influence on the court. People spend so much time, it opens up other people, similar to Makai. Sometimes Makai doesn't score but others get a lot of great looks because he's on the court. And Buddy is the same way, you have to pay so much attention to him that it makes it easier for other guys and he spaces the floor to give them room to operate.

THE MODERATOR: More questions for Coach?

Q. Coach, I wondered if that was part of the game plan, to go against their zone to shoot that many threes going in?
SCOTT DREW: I told them they could shoot 40 today. I did want to make 25, though, so we were a little short. On both fronts.

Q. Have you watched Gonzaga at all this year? Did you see any of their game or were you in the locker room preparing for 'Cuse?
SCOTT DREW: Can you repeat the question?

Q. Have you watched Gonzaga at all this year? Did you watch them?
SCOTT DREW: We have two guys on our staff from their program. They called them and made sure they didn't play any of their play calls. We have so much respect for their program. Coach Few does such an amazing job. Those guys competed at such a high level.

I know we'll be very familiar with their program, and they're familiar with ours because we've played against each other, we have scrimmaged against each other.

Q. Coach, in a tournament format like this, how long does the feeling of euphoria of surviving and advancing last before you have to try and put that in the closet and turn your attention to Gonzaga in the unique format setup?
SCOTT DREW: Once I get back to the locker room, it is all on the Zags. So that's the tough thing is you can't rely celebrate a win in that first game when you play so quick.

Q. Makai mentioned about being underdogs the whole year, injuries happen, piling up, and you come in on a four-game losing streak. How satisfying is this win after everything you guys have gone through this year to come out now on top and go into the Round of 32?
SCOTT DREW: I think one thing that's safe to say in any college program, you will have to face adversity and you will have to persevere. Everybody gets banged up and everybody faces tough games and challenges each and every year. When you deal with people, you have issues.

And one thing that I can tell you is this year we have been blessed to have outstanding leadership with Jake, King, and Makai, and they've always done a great job keeping the locker room and making sure everyone is focused on the right thing.

And you have to credit the whole team for having great chemistry for supporting one another. When you lose, fingers come out and you are pointing blame. We haven't done that. That is why we have been able to achieve what we have been able to achieve. All logic would tell you, you are picked ninth, you only three have your returning lettermen, you lose your best player at that time at that time who was so dominant on both ends of the court, and you have to credit the guys for playing with a lot of joy and really sacrificing for each other.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. This is for Tillie. You've had a rough go at it this season. How nice is it to get out there and start feeling it a bit?
KILLIAN TILLIE: It feels great. Being back with my teammates is really fun. They did a great job playing with me. I think I did a great job playing with them. I think it was pretty good night tonight, yeah.

Q. And for Clarke, Tillie had an impressive dunk late in that second half. How cool is that to see?
BRANDON CLARKE: That was really crazy. I have been waiting for that moment for him, honestly. Because he -- I don't think he's had a dunk yet this season and I've been waiting on it personally. (Laughter.) And that one was a crazy dunk. It was over two guys. That shows how bouncy he is and plus he can shoot threes, too, floaters too. So he's a really, really tough player to deal with. So obviously if he can do that, we will be a really tough team to beat.

THE MODERATOR: More questions?

Q. FDU is one of the best three-point shooting teams in the country. What was your game plan to stop their three-point shooting?
THE MODERATOR: Brandon?

BRANDON CLARKE: I would say we were trying to not gap off, I believe his name is Edge, and also Jenkins and also their four man. I feel we did a really, really good job of doing, like two things at one, so being like in the gap and then getting out on the shooter still. I feel like we had a really, really good focus on the defensive end tonight doing that, so that made it harder for them to hit threes.

THE MODERATOR: More questions for the student-athletes? We'll let these gentlemen go and when they've left the stage we will turn it over for questions to Coach. Questions for Coach Few.

Q. Mark, you guys are awesome offensively, you have been most of the season, everyone knows that. I wondered what you thought defensively, you guys were so good especially early, they just looked like you had punched them in the face and they didn't recover.
MARK FEW: I loved our intensity from the jump. You nailed it. But also, a great attention to detail. We've been pretty good with that all year, of finding the scouting report, understanding it and then taking it out on the floor. And I thought the combination of both those, great intensity and the physicality around the rim.

What I saw from Fairleigh on film, they are playing three bigs now, they are a good size, they walk out on the floor, you don't think it's a 16 seed, just their presence. And I thought we did a good job handling the physicality with our vertical contests and got up and blocked some shots which we have done all year. When we're doing that, that gets us out running and we're obviously at our best when we are out running.

Q. So, just about a month ago Tillie left the game with that partially torn ligament in his foot. You talked about how much Tillie meant and wonderful he was to coach. How much joy does it bring to you to see him back out on the court?
MARK FEW: Just an absolute incredible amount of joy and satisfaction to see somebody that worked so hard, had such a great year last year for us, and then, you know, the practice before we go down to play Florida State, he has this fluke injury so he wasn't able to obviously play in that game, and then he had to miss a bunch of the off-season, kind of getting back in the fold. And then hurt his foot again and had surgery.

And actually, it's funny you say that because what the date -- the night it happened, the trainer and I and Tills were looking at this, Okay, are we going to play on the Thursday or the Friday? Here's what we've got to work with. And it's a plantar fascia tear and we can do this.

He did a great job staying positive. He had a bad run of luck there. It's awesome, awesome to see -- and you guys can all see if you've forgot, I mean, he's a hell of a player.

Q. Mark, Zach did so much for you guys tonight, 13 points, 7 assists...
MARK FEW: I like that.

Q. He would probably say he only went 4 from 12, he would be mad at how he shot it. I was curious when you watched him in high school, in AAU, did you imagine he could do this, that he could like fill a stat sheet for you or did you think he'd be mostly a shooter?
MARK FEW: I hoped we'd get some development out of him. I was happy to watch the game, he had 14 or 15 threes in one of the back gyms in Vegas and that's what really initially caught my eye.

The other thing that caught my eye during the recruiting process with Zach was what a great leader he was. You know, Simeon has an awesome, awesome history of basketball, and he was without a doubted the leader on that team. And he's rounded into quite a leader for us also. I'm probably most proud of that.

And he was the guy that spent most of the night on Darnell Edge who was an excellent player and came in on a roll and Snacks did a nice job of making it a tough night for him.

THE MODERATOR: More questions for Coach? Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Can you describe the range of emotions for the last few weeks? You win the NEC title, you come here and obviously face one of the best teams in the country and lose, what the last few weeks have been like for you guys.
DARNELL EDGE: It's been a great experience for all of us being able to get back and win a Championship and then get to the tournament and win a game is just history. So it's something I will never forget, me and Mike have gone a long way. I'm proud of him. I'm proud of this team. I'm really happy and proud of everything we've accomplished.

Q. For both the players. Gonzaga's awesome offensively, they have been all season and everyone knows that about them. But how good were they defensively tonight, especially in the first half?
THE MODERATOR: Darnell?

DARNELL EDGE: They were real good, real long, athletic. It was hard to get down the lane on them. When you did, they had a shot blocker. So it was just difficult, on the ball, defense, they are really good and active, so...

THE MODERATOR: Mike?

MIKE HOLLOWAY, JR.: They were very, very good on defense. We know they are a National Championship capability team. We got downhill, we were not used to their size, but we were fighting, we kept pushing and all we wanted to do was let everyone know we weren't going to quit.

Q. Have you ever seen a team like that or played against a team like that?
THE MODERATOR: Darnell?

DARNELL EDGE: Not that offensively sound. Defensively, Cincinnati a few years ago was pretty good defensively like that. This team has so much firepower offensively.

Q. What are you going to remember the most about the last few weeks? Is there going to be one moment that sticks out with you the most and stay with you for years later?
DARNELL EDGE: Nothing in particular. Just the moment we won the Championship, you know, running on the court, cutting down the nets and then winning the game, you know, two nights ago was big for us. It was history. My phone wouldn't stop going off. It was a great celebration and I was happy, filled with emotion. It is something I will never forget.

THE MODERATOR: Anything more for student-athletes? We'll let them go and we'll return with questions for Coach as soon as they have left the stage. Thank you, guys. Questions for Coach Herenda.

Q. When you are playing a team that good and they get hot and they're just blitzing you guying, how do you make sure at half-time your kids are not completely deflated and that you did play them so well the second half?
GREG HERENDA: Yes, that's the core of our team, that we just rebound. Our first Championship year was 2016, we lost 15 straight games in 2015. So in '15 we lost 15 straight, then in 2016 we win a Championship. So we fight back, we have resilience. Rich Conrad, who is an alum that passed two years ago, Hall of Famer, we hung up his jersey, he said, Greg, your team is so resilient. So was Rich Conrad.

That's how we practice every day and how we play and how we approach life. You have to get off the canvas and fight, even though you know you're not going to win. And that's what the kids did in the second half and I was proud.

I'm still not happy. I thought we could have played better in the first half. I honestly think -- I don't make excuses -- but the turnaround from Dayton to here. Darnell Edge could barely run. Mike is a load, it's hard for him to get up the floor. It is not an excuse. It's what it is. And that's why a one-seed gets to rest and you have to get on a charter right after the game and fly. And so that played a lot into the game.

But take zero, zero, Gonzaga were awesome. We watched a lot of tape. All the credit goes to Gonzaga. But we were banged up and tired and they took complete advantage of that and they should.

But, again, to answer your question, we just keep on fighting.

Q. Coach, yesterday you talked about how both teams were fast and quick and the difference would be that they were big. And their three bigs took it to you tonight, they got 50 points between them. Talk about that.
GREG HERENDA: We knew their size was really going to hurt. The key to the game, believe it or not, we gave up 87 points, was us not scoring. If we score, we can maybe get back and protect our goal line. It felt like a football game. Because when we didn't score, they were out and it didn't matter if we went back zone or man, they just come at you and come at you and they're bigger and stronger. I don't know if they're faster.

We went to the foul line more than Gonzaga. We drove by Gonzaga. But when we drove by, we found two more Gonzaga players. And in our league generally, we'll drive by a guy and there'll be one player and then we can make another pass and we get a great shot. It's a different level. And the Zags tonight showed that level and it's plain and simple to everyone who was at the game.

But just a lot of credit to Mark Few, the way he handled that game. When it gets out of hand, you know how coaches handle games. And he did it incredibly professionally and he did it the right way and that's why their program is a program that I look up to and all the people at our level and our Conference look up to Gonzaga. Because guess what, at one point they weren't Gonzaga. And he and their players did it and I respect those guys a whole heck of a lot.

Q. What does it mean for your program to get here, to win a tournament game and get to this stage?
GREG HERENDA: It was the next step. We lost at Dayton really bad, like tonight, against Florida Gulf Coast, and our goal was to get back and validate. We got back and validate.

Now our goal is to get back and win a first-round game, not a First Four game. That's hard, really hard. And it takes good players, it takes good coaches, it takes a little bit of luck.

I don't know who in America would play Gonzaga and beat them tonight. I told our guys, Man, I want your heads as high as a kite and you deserve to be that. They're champions. In every sense of the word, except in the final score.

THE MODERATOR: We have time for three more.

Q. Can you talk a little bit about the logistics. I assume you got on a flight Tuesday night and did you get here really late Tuesday?
GREG HERENDA: With the time change, I don't know what time we got here. What time did we get here?

NEW SPEAKER: (Off microphone.)

GREG HERENDA: We got here at 1:30 at night, then the time change kind of helped us. But we got here on Wednesday morning and played Gonzaga on Thursday afternoon. You know what I'm saying? And I'm -- to answer your question, I'm being factual.

Q. Have you had any sort of turnaround like that before?
GREG HERENDA: We play in our Conference, we play Thursday, Saturday. Generally, we're playing home games or our road games are -- we've had some tough ones. Our last road trip we went from Emmitsburg, Maryland, to New Britain, Connecticut. We got on a bus and then slept and it was more, you know.

But I'm not complaining at all. I'm just giving you the facts that it was a tough turnaround but that's the deal. That's the deal. And I think there's so many coaches out there that would, including myself, prior to getting here, would die to do what we did, and we did it and we enjoyed it. We were taken care of, first-class. My Athletic Director and President were with us every step of the way making sure we were treated like champions and treated like men and I have zero complaints.

Q. Coach, can you expand a little bit more on Nadi and what that meant to you and to the program because that seemed like a special moment within a tough loss?
GREG HERENDA: Nadi is one of the nicest kids and grown men -- he's a grown man now -- that to know him on our campus, he is like the Pied Piper, he walks around and there's love and he's a great kibitzer, as my mother would say, he can talk, and you love him. When he couldn't play it really hurt. As we went down, he said, Coach, I want to dress, I'm feeling better, can I dress and can I potentially play? I said, Nadi, if you can play, I'm going to play you.

Tonight, our trainer said it would be safe for him to play. His back was really -- he couldn't travel. You guys know, when you have a bad back, you can't do anything. And how that ball bounced to him and how he like lumbered to the basket and then I'm mad at him, I said, Nadi, I need 50. That was the second goal, to get to 50, and he's got 49 on the foul line. But he was -- I don't think he knew where he was. (Laughter.)

Nadi Beciri, man, he is going to be a very successful person. Write that name down. He is a business major. And a beautiful person. And if sits down for an interview, he's got the job, trust me.

THE MODERATOR: Last question.

Q. It's the same question, but can you describe the emotion you felt when he made that basket?
GREG HERENDA: It was just -- if you can get beat by 38 points and be euphoric and hug somebody, it's special, you know what I'm saying? That's a hard thing to do, be on national TV and get a little bit exposed and be in front of the camera and then a guy cuts it to 38 and you are the happiest guy in the building. It's a special moment, or there is something wrong with me -- I think it's something in between. But Nadi Beciri -- every one of our players has a story in this tournament. Every single one has a story and Nadi's story amplifies what college athletics is about and it's way more than advancing and surviving. It's life. And he's going to have a great life.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. I want to know, did you know you were down by two and based on that, you know, talk about your decision to kick it out for the win, I guess?
AJ HARRIS: I seen the points, we were down two, so I felt like Terrell Brown was open, he got a great shot off, got fouled. I was trusting my teammate, my partner.

Q. Did you think you had an open shot? For us, it looked like you were open. I don't know.
AJ HARRIS: Yes, I did, I had the open shot. I felt like Terrell Brown was going to hit the three.

THE MODERATOR: More questions for New Mexico State student-athletes?

Q. You got a lot of guys on this team that are going to be back next year. How much encouragement do you take in a loss from this game going into next year?
JOHNNY McCANTS: This loss is hard for us. We have a lot of young guys, first time in the tournament. They saw what we could do this year. We're going to take this loss right now for a couple of days and get right back to it next week. We can't dwell on this for a long time. The season comes fast next year. We have to be ready for that.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for student-athletes?

Q. AJ and Johnny, can you talk about, you shot the ninth-most threes in the country this year. Can you talk about the philosophy of taking a three over a two a lot of times?
AJ HARRIS: Could you say that again?

Q. You shot the ninth-most threes in the country this year. That is not an accident. I wanted to get your thoughts about taking the three over the two at any time in the game.
JOHNNY McCANTS: We got shooters that stay after practice and they work on their shot all the time. When one gets going, like if we get on a streak with them. But we try to get the ball inside the most that we can.

They're a good team. They're on the high side the whole time so it is hard to get it in. We had open shots at the end, in the whole game, and we couldn't get them to fall.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for these two?

Q. Johnny, you did a good job protecting the rim. Going into this game, was that the plan, protect the rim, make them kick out and hit those long shots? Because you did a great job today.
JOHNNY McCANTS: The plan was to don't get beat at the point of attack, but if we do, step in and take a charge. A lot of the teams, they're all athletic, they want to block shots and they are not used to people taking charges. So we tried to take charges most we can and show the rim most we can and have them kick it out and scramble off that.

We tried our hardest to get as many charges as we can but we didn't get the calls.

THE MODERATOR: We'll dismiss the student-athletes and return to questions for Coach Jans. Thank you, guys. Questions for coach.

Q. Chris, in that situation, given your druthers, does he take the lay-up or kick the ball for the three?
CHRIS JANS: I have trusted my guys to make great decisions, and we have. We have won a lot of games, just like this game unfolded, we won a lot of games where the ball was in AJ Harris's hand or Terrell Brown's hand and the clock was running down and we made the final shot.

Right now, you can sit up here and second-guess his decision to kick it out to Terrell Brown instead of trying to lay the ball in. And, you know, obviously at that point, it is out of your control and you have to trust your players and players make plays. If he does make all three free throws or makes the three, it is an Ali Farokhmanesh moment and that will be remembered forever. That's what happens in the NCAA tournament.

I trust my players, players make plays, and it didn't work out for us this particular time.

Q. Coach, have you watched the replay of it yet or are you almost not wanting to see that? I don't know how open he was because it wasn't right in front of me.
CHRIS JANS: I didn't watch the replay, no.

Q. Will you?
CHRIS JANS: Yes.

Q. Are you looking forward to that or is it going to be painful?
CHRIS JANS: I'm looking forward to watching it at some point. I won't watch it today, or tomorrow, but at some point I will get over this and put myself back together and sit down and watch it. It will be hard, I'm sure.

At the same time, I'm really proud of our players. I mean, again, a lot of teams would have went away and they didn't. They showed what they're made of. They showed how much character they have. They showed how resilient they are and how hungry they are. And I think everybody understands there is no moral victories in sports. Certainly there isn't in the NCAA tournament. But at the same time, I'm proud of our players, the way they competed and stuck around and found a way to have a chance to win the game.

Q. Coach, a couple of minutes left, you were still down by eight and you had a hard time making a dent into that cushion. What was the attitude like of the guys at that point? Did you think that this could come down to the end?
CHRIS JANS: They were awesome. I mean, they were awesome. They were encouraging one another, picking each other up. Very lively in our huddles, which has been the case the last few weeks of the season. They've really bought into what we were doing and we obviously had a big winning streak going and we had a lot of confidence. We had been in that situation earlier this year and we tried to talk about that and lean on that and, you know, it was just too little too late.

Q. Chris, you've had 50-plus wins in two years at New Mexico State, back-to-back NCAA tournament appearances against Power Five opponents, quality Power Five opponents. You've got basically your whole team coming back. What can New Mexico State and you guys do to get a higher seed if you win the WAC next year? What can the WAC do as a whole to put the champions in that position?
CHRIS JANS: Obviously, the next step for our program is to win this game, and go to the Sweet 16 hopefully. And we know it, you know, we understand the history of this program and how meaningful this program is to the people of Las Cruces, and to the university and all the fans that follow us worldwide. And we understand how important that is. And we want to make it happen, you know.

We've had two cracks at it. We weren't able to accomplish that goal, to kick that door in, but we got a lot of guys coming back. And we'll certainly regroup and pick up our pants, if you will, and get back to work at some point.

But it's disappointing. We had a chance to be a team that won a game in the tournament, for our program that's been quite some time and I know that fan base is dying for it, and we are too.

Hopefully, the WAC will continue to improve. We're turning heads nationally in terms of our numbers ranking-wise. We have really good coaches in our league and they've been allowed to string together recruiting classes and everybody's scheduling a little more aggressively to try to help one another. This past fall we had a lot of near-misses in our league. There are a lot of teams that, you know, that had chances against teams that were ranked higher than them, that really helped their particular resume and our overall resume. And hopefully that will continue and hopefully next fall we'll win some of those games, so whoever represents the WAC next year will have a chance to have a little better seed.

Q. Coach Jans, you have been a part of some of these tournament games like here and in your past. So are you guys equipped to advance in the tournament now? Are you guys built to advance here? Physically, you matched up with them, it's a matter of getting a better seed and knocking down some of those shots at this point?
CHRIS JANS: I think so. We can have a whole different narrative right now. Make another free throw or two, Trev makes that last shot -- and he shot the ball extremely well from three tonight. And I think we were prepared this year more than we were last year. We talked about it, part of the tournament we felt last year we had to make some changes in how we played offensively and spread the court a little bit more. It was beneficial to us. I thought it was beneficial to us this afternoon, you know.

We out-rebounded 39-24. They outsized us all the way up and down the roster. But we expected to out-rebound them, that is what we do, that is our calling card. We've got the right players, the right mindset and we have to keep getting better and hopefully put ourselves in a position to have a chance next year.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Jared, every time they made a run in the second half, you came up with the big shot. Same in the SEC Championship. Talk us through it.
JARED HARPER: I started to shoot the ball well. I was able to get a lay-up early in the second half, that helped my confidence, and I think I hit my first three to start the second half. Being able to make plays, my teammates trusting me, so that's all.

Q. What was the atmosphere like at the end of the game in the final minute of an intense NCAA first-round match-up?
JARED HARPER: Like the coach said before, the first game was going to be the hardest game. We made some plays down the stretch that didn't help us, we made a lot of mistakes. I made a couple of mistakes, a couple of turnovers, bad foul situation at the end and getting myself out of the game.

So I'm glad my teammates bailed me out.

Q. You were flashing the choke gesture in those last free throws. Were you hoping to get the free-throw shooter's attention there?
J'VON McCORMICK: I saw in his face he was pretty scared. We knew coming in they were a bad free-throwing team so that was the key.

Q. Can you describe the Auburn swagger for me?
J'VON McCORMICK: I feel like -- I don't know. I really can't tell you.

Q. (Off microphone.)
J'VON McCORMICK: We all got a chip on our shoulder, so we come out with that swag, yeah.

THE MODERATOR: We'll dismiss the student-athletes and then direct questions to Coach Pearl.

BRUCE PEARL: Can I follow up on that swagger? I'm glad you think we have a swagger. But I think the hesitation in answering the question is because I'm not so sure our kids do in this sense. He came back with it. He says, We got a chip on our shoulder. J'Von was not a heavily-recruited player. Most of our guys were three starts. So we've developed a confidence and a trust in one another and our depth as the season progressed. I don't know that we really have a swagger. Yet.

Q. Bruce, how agonizing for you was that last few minutes of that game? Have you ever been involved in anything quite that preposterous?
BRUCE PEARL: The only time I can remember almost losing it like that was when we did lose it Jared's freshman year against Missouri the first round of the SEC tournament. And it was kind of unfolding the same way.

No matter how many times you practice your spacing and what you want to do in those situations, until you get in that moment, you don't know how you're going to react. We obviously panicked and made our share of mistakes which could have cost us the game. At the same time, we made enough really good plays throughout the game against a really good team.

That's a really good 5-12 win for Auburn because that New Mexico State team is formidable. I don't want to do it again, though. (Laughter.)

Q. Coach, on that final sequence, you know they were going to look for a lob towards the basket. Your defense did a great job of forcing the kickout and a wild three. Was that the plan, tuck it in the middle and force a long jumper?
BRUCE PEARL: Again, Chris did a great job with that call. Thinking 1.7, we got to protect the rim. They have some good lob things in there so I put my center, one of my centers on the ball. I actually played two centers; one to protect the rim. But we did not switch out on the ball side shooter and so that was a mistake and they got a clean look and could have knocked it down.

We got a good test and we're fortunate.

Q. Do you take anything from this game and apply it to the next round?
BRUCE PEARL: Could you repeat that?

Q. Do you take anything from this game and apply it to the next round?
BRUCE PEARL: This was our fifth game in eight days. Stop and think about that. Our fifth game in eight days. It looked like it. Bryce was tired, Jared was exhausted at the end of that game. So I think what I'm going to take away is we're going to be fresher. Horace is the energy bunny out there, this is his fifth game in eight days. He didn't have a ton of energy. We played Sunday. We traveled all across the country. We had to play hard because of the way New Mexico State plays. Our kids were popped at the end.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Dedric, at a point in the second half when they'd cut it to seven points, you guys proceeded to outscore them 32-6 over an 11-minute stretch. What did you do specifically defensively that you were able to neutralize their perimeter shooting and shut down their offense during that key stretch?
DEDRIC LAWSON: We came out second half kind of lackadaisical, kind of comfortable, and our coach got us in a huddle and once he did, the guys realized the game was not over and we just locked down and guarded it. We switched forwards and made it tough on those guys and we did the best we could to give them the one shot, so that helped out a lot.

Q. Dedric, could you comment on KJ's performance and if you knew he was going to have a big game. KJ, could you comment on your game today? Were you intent to be a leader and break out today?
DEDRIC LAWSON: You say if I knew he was going to have a good game? I expect everyone to have a good game when we go out there. It doesn't always go that way.

He definitely came out aggressive. He played defense. He got some rebounds early. There was one particular play where the guy didn't stepped up and he got a lay-up and he came back in and got another lay-up. So I guess easy baskets can get you going in a game like this. And he played great tonight and we need everyone to step up, and tonight it was his calling.

KJ LAWSON: I think I had a solid performance. As a team we did a great job on defense. We had a bounce attack on the offensive end and everybody was assertive going downhill and trying to make guys guard and we were settling for threes early in the game. And once we settled in everybody was in attack mode and everybody had a great solid performance today.

Q. I was wondering if both of you could answer this: You watched this last year, the tournament run that Kansas went on, you were there for a front row seat. What was this like being out there today, finally getting to be your turn in this thing?
KJ LAWSON: It was a great moment. Being in that moment and watching those great guys that came before us, like Svi Mykhailiuk and Devonte' Graham, and you want to be on the court with those guys. Actually being in the situation where we can play, it's a great feeling my first tournament game playing.

DEDRIC LAWSON: I went to bed early last night so the morning could come faster, so we could get out there and be a part of such a great opportunity. I'm looking forward to it for a long time...

Q. What time?
DEDRIC LAWSON: I went to bed 10:30, 10:45.

Q. How do you think you did regarding the three and was that mentioned so much this week that that was a big emphasis?
KJ LAWSON: We knew those guys have great players, great three-point shooters and the emphasis is those guys average 26 threes a game and they make ten. And we just tried to get to the shooter as quick as possible on the ball screen defense.

They're a great team and I wish them the best of luck.

DEDRIC LAWSON: Next season though. (Laughter.)

KJ LAWSON: Come on, bro. (Laughter.)

DEDRIC LAWSON: They did a decent job. The guy slipped between me and Q, No. 20 hit a shot, other than that, that was the only mishap personally. But as a team, we were locking in defensively. And the same thing for Saturday, another team, they shoot threes. It was a good preparing game for us.

THE MODERATOR: Anything more for student-athletes? We will dismiss Dedric and KJ and return to questions for Coach Self in just a moment. Questions for Coach.

Q. Coach, KJ had 23 minutes tonight, that was match-up based coming in, did you know you were going to use him more or was it performance based?
BILL SELF: I think it was both. The fact that we knew that we were probably going to play small the vast majority of the game and when you look at it, we only have, what do we have, five perimeter players total. So naturally it was, if we're going to play small, four out of five are in the game -- maybe we have six. So, yeah, I didn't anticipate, you know, spreading the minutes out like we did, but he was on a roll and we were better with him in the game so it was a natural thing to do.

Q. Bill, you had that line the other week about your team being a bit like the "50 First Dates," the Drew Barrymore thing. Do you feel you have a better sense of what you might be able to expect after today? How much did today seemed you reached them and they were locked into the scouting report?
BILL SELF: I thought our guys were as locked in as they have been in a long time. One thing about Northeastern, it's so important to take away shots off the catch and make them try to score off the bounce, which will be totally different with Saturday because you've got to take away shots off the catch and be able to contain the ball so you don't force help everywhere.

Our guys were locked in pretty well. We didn't play great early offensively at all. I don't know when the 21-21 or 21-19, something like that, but after that point, after about the ten-minute mark in the first half, I thought we executed on both ends really well.

Q. (Off microphone.)
BILL SELF: I understand better what maybe we can expect tomorrow. But after practice who knows what that will mean for Saturday. I do think that we're playing the right way, even when we got our butts beat against Iowa South, I thought we played the right way, we just didn't finish plays and certainly didn't score the ball.

But tonight, the margin's misleading because we shot it really well late and they had some open looks that they didn't make that they normally make. But, overall, I do think that maybe we're getting an understanding of how we have to play to be successful.

Q. Coach, it is one possession, but that first defensive possession of the game where you get the long two and he doesn't draw, was that a positive sign? Did that help the mental state of your guys?
BILL SELF: First possession is probably too early. I do think it did help. They come back and really, of our first five or six defensive possessions, I'd say four of them were really good. The other two they made threes on.

But I did think that defensively we were so much better and I didn't feel like there was a lot of uncontested looks. Even when they made shots, I felt like we had a hand in their face and we didn't put ourselves in a situation where we were playing catch-up throughout the entire possession.

Q. Bill, you are used to this kind of performance from Dedric. Was his match-up perfect on how he performed today?
BILL SELF: Would you repeat that in English, please? No, I'm joking. Go ahead.

Q. And how it all played out was perfect for how he plays?
BILL SELF: The match-up -- Dedric is a hard match-up for folks. If you play small like they did, you have a guard guarding him. And if you play big, he can play away from the basket some.

Basically, Northeastern, Bill, is going to play four guards primarily so we tried to make it a conscious effort to throw it inside to him. We didn't do it enough. When we did, it certainly helped our cause quite a bit.

Q. Coach, you limited Vasa Pusica to 2 of 13 from the floor. What was the strategy to containing him and how was that so effective for you?
BILL SELF: (A) he missed some shots that he normally makes, so that's not really defense. Our whole game plan -- we went under one ball screen on him and he made a three. Our game plan was to hard edge him, make him change direction and certainly go over every ball screen and every dribble handoff, and the switching helped us do that.

Q. It seemed like there were two time-outs at least during which the tone changed a bit after you guys came back out. I think you guys had not been going inside much, maybe the second timeout. So I wonder if that was a point of emphasis? Could you expand on Dedric's point about being lackadaisical the first two minutes.
BILL SELF: I thought Dedric had Q wide open on an uncontested lob the first possession of the half and he underthrew it by ten feet. Terrible. He is our best passer. Then we gave up a couple looks. It goes from 12 to 7 and Q, he made one basket, but he made the biggest basket of the game getting it back to ten and Dedric made a three after that. So we had been outplayed the first three minutes of the second half and we gained one point in the margin.

So I thought those were probably the two biggest offensive possessions. After that, we got on a good roll. We moved the ball well offensively second half.

Q. (Off microphone.)
BILL SELF: I thought we were jacking around. The half-time is long. And I still don't know the guys totally understand the importance of every minute and every possession in an NCAA tournament game. I felt like we allowed them to believe that they could certainly play with us and at that point in time, they definitely were.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. For both, Makai first, what is this turnaround like? You played on Thursday, you have a whole new team you have to get ready for on a Saturday, that quick turnaround.
MAKAI MASON: It's a little tough physically. But mentally, it's kind of nice, you can get to refocus real quick, you're not waiting around a whole lot, not a lot of practice time. So that's one nice thing about it.

KING McCLURE: I think it's a lot of mental preparation. You have to be mentally focused, mentally locked. There's not that much practice time. We watch a lot of film. You've got to be locked in to the personnel, to adjust to what they do compared to what the last team did. So a lot of mental preparation.

Q. King, when Makai got to Baylor, what was your reaction considering he had just beaten you in the NCAA tournament?
KING McCLURE: I was like, Why did we get this guy? Why? (Laughter.)

Coach Drew talked to me about it. He's a great player. Coach Drew asked me how I felt about it. I was like, He's pretty good, he's proved himself that first game. So I was happy when we found out we got him. He's been a great teammate so glad we got him.

Q. Makai, how does one come in and sort of smooth over the thought like, I know I torched you for 31 but now I'm on your team?
MAKAI MASON: I hoped a lot of the guys were gone. I think only Jake and King were pretty much left over. Those guys in particular had done a great job in welcoming me pretty much as family. So it's been easy to take on the leadership role with those two guys already leading the way.

Q. Makai, how did you wind up there when you were looking at options? Did you think, like, Those guys could do with some offensive help considering I went off on them?
MAKAI MASON: It's funny. Baylor was a school I got my lists together of schools I might want to go to, and reach out to. Me and my dad was talking and I was like, We might as well throw Baylor on there in the end. Coach Drew recruited me very hard. Just got very comfortable with the staff. Took my visit, it ended up being the only visit I took and I fell in love with the coaching staff, the team, the school as well. So that's how it happened.

Q. Why did you decide to put Baylor on the list?
MAKAI MASON: (Laughter.) I don't know honestly. It's just one of those gut things, that just ended working out.

Q. For both, Makai, I don't know if you had a chance to watch the Gonzaga game at all before your game, but if you guys have or seen, what do they do well that could give you guys some trouble tomorrow?
MAKAI MASON: I think we only got to watch a couple of minutes. They're impressive in person and impressive on film. They have a lot of guys that can do a lot of different things which makes them very dangerous. They have three or four guys averaging more than ten points in their starting line-up. So it's always tough to face a team like that. Obviously very well coached, and it's going to be a battle.

KING McCLURE: I think they're really talented. They have Rui, they play really fast, so transition between defense and offense will be key. They have guys who can score the ball, three or four guys in the starting line-up. So it will be a battle, a great test for us tomorrow.

Q. King, those guys are probably more your size, the team size as compared to Syracuse. Will that be a nice change? What do you think about the height they bring?
KING McCLURE: We've always prided ourselves on being the toughest team. So regardless of last night, they were 7-2, 6-10, it really didn't matter. We will go in there and do what we do, and do the business. Size doesn't matter to us. We pride ourselves on sticking to our game plan and doing what we do every single day, that's it.

Q. Makai, what were the last two years like for you? You played one game, did you have doubts about ever getting back?
MAKAI MASON: I don't know if I had doubts. It was obviously definitely a struggle, mentally more than anything, just to kind of stay engaged, just having setbacks pretty much all along the way. Just when you think you're getting back, there's another setback.

So I really attribute my family and friends for keeping me locked in, keeping me on the right path and getting through the rehab and everything like that. It definitely makes it more special to make it back here. It kind of puts everything into perspective.

Q. You said yesterday that the second NCAA tournament was better than the first. Why was that?
MAKAI MASON: Just the struggle that was alluded to before. Basically not playing basketball for two years, something that you love so much, to have that taken away from you is really a struggle.

So, you know, kind of, a culmination of everything over the hard times to get back here, just made it a little more special.

Q. Makai, grad transfers have become very popular in the last few years in college basketball. When you were looking at going down that path, was there a particular grad whose game you liked, that translated well and who you almost looked up to as a role model almost?
MAKAI MASON: Not off the top of my head, really. Grad transfers have had success because they're older than everybody, they've had the experience, they've gone through battles. So it's a little bit easier, the transition, versus a freshman who doesn't have the experience.

Q. For both of you. Yesterday was the first time for a lot of your teammates to play at this level in the NCAA tournament. How are they handling it? Are you guys having to guide them through not being too excited but realizing you still have another game or is that just taken care of?
THE MODERATOR: Makai, let's start with you.

MAKAI MASON: They have handled it really well. There's only so much me and King can say. You can't simulate the game atmosphere in the NCAA tournament. So all of our guys have done a great job. Obviously you saw yesterday, just adjusting to that really quickly. We have a lot of mature guys, some of our freshmen are super mature out there on the court, so that definitely helps.

THE MODERATOR: King.

KING McCLURE: I'd agree. I'd say they have handled it really well. Not getting too excited. But at the end of the day, we won one game. We have to win another one on Saturday.

So the biggest thing that Makai and I can do is just get our minds focused on what we have to do Saturday and just try and help them understand the mental preparation that needs to go into the game on Saturday in order to win.

Q. For both of you. The way you guys played last night, on both sides of the board, shooting, taking charges, what does that do for your confidence level going into another game?
THE MODERATOR: King.

KING McCLURE: I think that's who we are. The four games before, that was not a good representation of us. I think last night, that's who we are. We can shoot the ball, we can defend, we have a lot of guys step up when their time is called. That's huge for our confidence, especially having so many young guys. It is huge to finally get a win after the four-game losing streak, especially in the tournament. That was huge for us in our confidence.

THE MODERATOR: Makai.

MAKAI MASON: Like King said before, the biggest thing for us is our toughness, that starts with the defensive end and then with rebounding offensively and defensively. Those are always our keys really. Then if we can hit shots like we did last night, we're tough to beat.

Q. Makai, I know that your name is from Hawaii and I understand you have two brothers who have Japanese name. Is there any connection with your family in Japan?
MAKAI MASON: No, there's actually not. My mom just kind of likes out-of-the-box names, so that's just how it happened.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, guys. We will wait for Coach Drew.

Let's open it up to questions for Coach.

Q. How is Jake Lindsey still able to impact this team now that his career's done?
SCOTT DREW: First of all, Jake loves Baylor. He's well-respected with all the team. And once he knew he couldn't played, he wanted to do whatever he could to help the team. He's a great voice of reason and he does a great job helping the young guys out as far as what he sees. And the great thing is Jake is very intelligent, he could be a coach, he could be a GM, he could run his own financial company.

So we're just glad that he loves Baylor and wants to help.

Q. Scott, I know Makai is the first grad transfer in program history. Did you have opportunities with other guys and feel like it wasn't a good fit? And what made you want to have him there besides the fact you knew he could score?
SCOTT DREW: We have recruited other grad transfers and he's just the first that it's worked out with. And couldn't be more pleased and blessed to have someone like him.

Part of our reason of getting him was a lot of times when people grad transfer they want to know, Do you really know my game? Do you know how good I am? So it took us taking an L to be able to explain, Yes, we know how good you are and what you can do.

The good thing is, it was great, we were walking off the bus together and I said, It's great going in with you today before the game rather than going against you. When we played Yale he was the number one person we were concerned with coming in, had a lot of respect for him even at that point.

Q. With a tough win last night, is it difficult with a quick turnaround having to prepare for another team on maybe a day of rest?
SCOTT DREW: In this situation, I'm glad it was a quick turnaround, because the more film you watch of Gonzaga the more worried you get. So there's the reason they're a No. 1 seed. Our staff, Coach Jakus was on their staff, one of our GAs played there. But as a head coach, you don't watch a lot of other basketball games during the year, you're so busy watching your team and your opponents that you don't get a chance to watch a lot of other games. So watching them last night, you go from being in a great mood to, Oh crud. (Laughter.)

Q. Scott, they obviously have so many offensive weapons. How tough are those guys to deal with?
SCOTT DREW: No. 1 offense in the country for a reason. If they just had one guy they wouldn't be the No. 1 offense. And I think besides their multiple weapons, besides Coach Few being a tremendous coach, and they have a great basketball history and culture, they all have experience, a lot of it international experience, a lot of older guys. And that really makes things easier especially come March.

Q. Speaking of Jake Lindsey, his father is a Baylor alum, how much is Dennis involved in the program? You have a couple of Baylor alums on the Jazz, they are out of town. Did you interact with Ekpe or Royce?
SCOTT DREW: First of all, that's the best thing about being a coach, having a relationship with the players after they graduate as well. Unfortunately asked Dennis, Could we dress Royce and Ekpe just for two games? He said no, the Jazz needed them. We talked to them all the time.

And probably I think any parent can attest to this, when you hear people talking highly of your kids, you really feel good. And just from different people around town that we've met, come across, boy, Ekpe or Royce, they're great people and they're just great role models. But when you hear that, it makes you even more appreciative to have the opportunity to coach them and have them represent your program.

As far as Dennis, Dennis is a Baylor guy. And that's why we're blessed to have Jake, he bleeds green and gold. And he is about the right things and about the same things we are. So appreciate him. I think he's entertaining a lot of his former teammates so he might be worn out after this weekend. (Laughter.)

Q. What has Makai meant to this team this year?
SCOTT DREW: With only three returning lettermen, so many first-year guys, it's a calming influence. He doesn't get rattled by his demeanor and the way he plays with such poise and confidence. He's like a security blanket for everybody out there. Then, obviously, you have his talent and that is -- people have to pay attention to him, and he stretches the defense and that allows other people to have opportunities to drive and make plays.

Q. Scott, I know you scrimmaged these guys a year or two ago. How much does that inform what they do for you? How much did that help you guys get ready playing that Gonzaga team that went to the National Championship game?
SCOTT DREW: We scrimmaged them a couple of times, played them a couple of times, so all that stuff helps. We don't have a lot of guys that were part of that. They don't have a lot of guys that were part of that. So coaches always adjust what they do to their personnel. So probably can't help as much as if we had a bunch of returning players and we were running a lot of similar stuff and the same with them.

Q. Scott, I know it's a bit of a bittersweet day for your family with Bryce. Have you spoken to him? You know how this business works. How do you help him get through this?
SCOTT DREW: Well, I think you go to bed and you finally, after watching film and answer other congratulation texts and told how much you appreciate that, I woke up and there were more texts this morning than last night. I was like, What's going on? And, obviously, I think everybody can relate. When things happen to you it's one thing. When it happens to your loved ones, your mom, your dad, your brother, your sister, it probably affects you more than them.

At the same time, he's got -- he's blessed to have great friends, great family support, and he's got a great faith and he knows God has a different plan for him. And as big brother, obviously whatever I can do to help him, I'm going to do. He knows God has got a plan for him. He's a lot more powerful and has more wisdom than I do.

Q. Their star Rui Hachimura, what does he bring to the table for them?
SCOTT DREW: Someone said can you describe him, his game to someone. I said yeah, it's -- a lot of guys I see playing in the NBA. So, with his size, his power, his skill set, he's a real tough match-up. And that's why -- one thing as a coach, you love he's progressed.

We've had several of our players, like Johnathan Motley ended up being power forward of the year, who didn't play much as a freshman. Same thing with him. He put in his time, listened to the staff, got better, now he is a great player, he scores inside-out, can drive it, can shoot it. So obviously a tough match-up.

Q. So, everyone knows what Rui brings and he's kind of the star of the show. But when you watch the film, who stands out to you as maybe their X factor, that's underappreciated?
SCOTT DREW: That's one thing. I think all of them have had a chance to get enough attention. Maybe it's because I've heard so much from our coaches about each one of their players. I don't think there is anybody that I'm not aware of.

So, I'm not going to limit it to one guy. I think, again, their strength of their team is they have multiple guys that can step up and make plays. I think with our team, that's why we have been successful. As a coach you go into game and you know, you've got nine guys you're playing and any different one of them can step up and have a big game, and have at different times.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. How much of the Baylor game did you get to watch last night? And what were your thoughts after seeing them play?
COREY KISPERT: We got to watch most of it, a bit of the first half before we left and a bit back at the hotel, and gathered how physical Baylor was altogether. They are not very tall but they make up for it with their aggression and physicality.

ZACH NORVELL, JR.: For sure. Same.

Q. They run that 1-3-1 zone. How much have you seen that and how difficult is that for what you guys do?
THE MODERATOR: Zach?

ZACH NORVELL, JR.: They close things up a little bit more, but it just comes with swinging the ball and playing together. We seen it a little bit with BYU. But obviously it's a little bit different, but yeah, swinging the ball and staying poised.

THE MODERATOR: Corey, anything to add?

COREY KISPERT: Yes, the whole point of the zone is to take you out of your rhythm and possessions can seem like they are stagnant. But as long as you get a good shot against the zone, it's a win.

Q. This for Corey. Was it really motivational after losing in the Conference tournament? You obviously played very well yesterday. Was that a motivation at all?
ZACH NORVELL, JR.: Yesterday was a lot of motivation. After you lose, it is never a good feeling at all. We had nine days off and we all wanted to get that bad taste out of our mouths. You seen it when we came out on the floor, a lot of emotion, we were in attack mode all night. It was really special.

COREY KISPERT: Really good to get the monkey off the back.

Q. For either one of you guys, Killian had probably scored most points since he's been back. He's been back since January. What does getting his game back do for you guys?
THE MODERATOR: Corey.

COREY KISPERT: Killian impacts the game in so many ways. He can shoot it like you said. Had a really hot start in the first half. Athletic. His foot seems healthy. He had a big dunk in the second half. Besides that, Killian is a great passer, too. Man or zone he can facilitate. We trust him with the ball to bring it up the floor and making good decisions on the offensive end.

ZACH NORVELL, JR.: Yeah, to piggyback off of what Corey said, not only does Killian shoot the ball well, but him being out on the floor, him being a veteran now, him able to space the floor, his physicality on the defensive end, rebounding and stuff like that. He does a lot more than just shoot the ball.

Q. This is for Zach. Obviously, Coach Few has had a tremendous amount of success. As a player, why do you like playing for him? Why is he able to get the best out of you guys?
ZACH NORVELL, JR.: First, he is just one of the most humble guys in the world. He is a competitor. Any time you get coached by somebody like Coach Few, you always want to put your best foot forward all the time. He has respect for you on the floor. He always asks you how you are doing. It's always fun to play for anybody like that.

THE MODERATOR: More questions? Okay. We'll let these two go and we'll wait for Coach Few. Thank you, guys.

We will open it up to questions for Coach Few.

Q. Mark, you guys have had your share of transfers over the years. I wondered with grad transfers in particular, what do they bring that's better, that's different? They are learning a new system but they have experience which helps.
MARK FEW: We've been really, extremely blessed with the grad transfer. They backed Byron Wesley, he ended up a seamless way that he worked himself into our system and into the season. Geno has been -- Jordan Matthews in, was a huge part of our success in the run to that National Championship game.

Geno's was probably the most interesting, we didn't finally get him into school and class till right around mid-October. And the way from day one, I remember his first practice, he was great and it's -- he deserves so much credit for just how much of his game he kind of gave up to come be a part of this. And then I think our guys deserve a bunch of credit for openly accepting him and understanding, okay, this guy's going to help us get to where we want to go. That might mean I might play less minutes, get less shots, or have less ball-handling.

So it's been a win-win on both sides for Geno to play in something like this and be ranked No. 1 for long stretches this year, playing now in big games like that. That's certainly been what he was looking for, too.

Q. Look, I know Killian has been back since January, but he looked more like himself the other day. He's going to give you that. What does that do for this team?
MARK FEW: It makes us much more versatile. He is a player that you can put into a bunch of different spots, especially maybe when teams are playing zone or mixing up their defenses. He's got an incredible feel for the game and basketball intuition. He also allows us to stretch the floor a little bit more than we do maybe with those starting bigs. And he's actually moving much better than when he came back in January, I think because he was in a no weight bearing and his legs weren't quite there. This last time we were able to kind of do more things in his recovery. So he's moving better and has a little bit more pop and he is feeling better out there, especially defensively.

Q. A follow-up: How was he? This was a big year for him and he's missed so much time. How was he during that time off? Was he down?
MARK FEW: To his credit, he was a great teammate and he was pretty darn positive. He's a really positive, fun-loving kid. You could see where, especially after the second one, how disappointing that was.

Q. Coach, you've had a lot of great teams over the years. Is there anything about this team that would be more capable of going further than the teams in the past?
MARK FEW: No, hey, listen, you get to this tournament, you just need to win your next game. And looking back on the year we did advance all the way to the Final Four, we had a really tough game against Northeastern here in our second night out, where they made a heck of a run at us in the second half and we withstood the rally.

Offensively, we've got a lot of answers and tons of versatility and they've shown for 33 games or 32 out of 33 games that we can really share it, score it in a variety of ways. But our defense has been rock solid, too. I think our defense was a big key early last night and then that kind of got our offense going.

Q. Mark, on Rui's maturation, not in terms of his ability as a player and learning the language, he is such a big deal in Japan and on your campus, but everybody in this country is overshadowed by Zion, how does he handle all of that?
MARK FEW: He's a very reluctant star. I think he's embarrassed about all the attention that he generates, especially back home. So we're pretty careful about overloading him, you know, with everything over here. At the same time he's under constant -- I'm not going to say "duress" -- he's under constant requests for interviews, for sit-downs, for anything and everything because, again, this is a huge year in international basketball for Japan and they're trying to qualify for the Olympics. He is the future of Japanese basketball. He's going to be the first one to ever be drafted. So he's really, really big over there.

And so, I think it shows his personality and I think the reason he's embarrassed and a little bit reluctant with it, he would prefer his other teammates get equal time on the podium, in the limelight and things like that. And it shows you the kind of guy he is.

Q. Coach, there's no easy way to ask you this, but Jimmy Kimmel has made some pretty outlandish accusations about Gonzaga not existing. I feel compelled to ask you: Does Gonzaga exist?
MARK FEW: I'm a Jimmy Kimmel fan. I've been watching him for years and think he's hilarious. I haven't been watching any of this stuff. Some guys have shown me an occasional clip or something on their phone. So it sounds like he's had a lot of fun with it. As long as they are talking about Gonzaga and the program, I think that's probably a really, really good thing.

Q. That wasn't a yes.
MARK FEW: What's that?

Q. That wasn't a yes.
MARK FEW: I'm not going to go down the road on some silly little deal. But as long as he's having fun with, he can have fun with it.

Q. Your thoughts on Scott Drew and Baylor and what they do that poses the biggest challenge for you guys?
MARK FEW: They do a lot actually. Guys, I tell you, I think Scott Drew is -- has been throughout this whole run at Baylor vastly underrated as a basketball coach. He does a really, really good job. We did some pre-season scrimmages with him back in, probably -- actually 2017, we did two or three years in a row.

I was always impressed with what they ran, what they did, and they always had a purpose and some real depth to what they were doing offensively and defensively. I'd say he's done an amazing job this year with all the adversity that they've had thrown at them. Within that last week of a Big 12 season they were in the hunt for the Championship. I mean, I think this is arguably one of the best years he's had coaching.

And when you watch this team, the thing that stands out to me is just how tough they are. They're physically tough, they battle you every possession on both ends. They're the best or very close to the best offensive rebounding team in college basketball. We played North Carolina, that's a team that's an unbelievable offensive rebounding team here, but these guys are right there with them. And then when they're making threes like they were last night, they are really dangerous. Mason is a heck of a play maker, and they've gotten some great play out of Butler, the freshman.

So, yeah, scary team with their toughness, their physicality and the way they shoot the ball.

Q. You mentioned Mason. He had missed most of the last two years with injuries. What do you see from a veteran like that? And how much can a guy like that help a team?
MARK FEW: I mean, he can help a team tremendously. He's an elite level guard. I know he's been battling injuries all year. But when you shoot the ball comfortably out to 30 feet like that -- and it's comfortable -- he was hitting them from the logo last night. That's tough to face from an opponent's point of view. And then he's got a really good pull-up game, so that makes him very difficult to guard. And then he understands the little nuances of the passes to make, the pick-and-roll of how you're guarding it.

We've been fortunate to have some guys like that, Dan Dickau. Kevin Pangos was very much like that. He's a little more aggressive offensively than Kevin was. I have been impressed with how functional he's been battling all the foot injuries that he's had. He's a tough guy.

Q. Mark, I have heard you talk a lot about scrimmaging, not that you're the only team that does it, everybody does. Over the years who else has scrimmaged? Over the years, when you play good teams, you are not playing Duke every day, how much does that help over the long haul?
MARK FEW: It help us a lot and helps us prepare for those early-season tournaments that we're in and to prepare for the level of size and athleticism, you know, that we're going to see in our pre-season schedule, because we always try to schedule really hard then.

So, back when Rick was at Texas, we did numerous scrimmages with Texas, and then we scrimmaged Baylor several times. We had a great -- I mean, very productive scrimmage with Michigan State this year, actually in Minneapolis of all places.

So, yeah, that's why we do it. We just try to find somebody that wants to have two teams kind of get after it and kind of prepare ourselves for what lays immediately ahead with our usual arduous pre-season schedule.

Q. Would you have an issue bringing in someone who just ended your season like Baylor has done? It is funny how things have worked out there.
MARK FEW: Not if you had 31 on us. Geno lit us up for 28 and took us into overtime on our home floor. I didn't have any problem bringing him in. It's a great, it's a pretty strong eval if you can see how he plays against your guys in game conditions. No, not if you can play like Mason.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Bryce, have you thought over the last 48 hours about how far you've come from being under-recruited to being on this stage presently?
Bryce BROWN: I think about it all the time. Times like this is where I take advantage of it and show people what I'm made of. All the people that's overlooked me, I feel this is the time just play my skills and show them what I made of and show them what they missed out on.

Q. Is your nose okay? It looked like you took a shot in the face.
BRYCE BROWN: This is doing much better now. Thank you.

Q. There were a couple of moments in the game yesterday when he was pretty direct in his instructions to you guys. How would you describe his coaching style?
BRYCE BROWN: Passionate, aggressive, just one of the best for us players. You know, he's a loving coach, caring. He wants to see us do well and see us succeed. And he was -- he's always on us, mainly our seniors, because he want us to leave out on a good note and leave out strong. He doesn't want us to regret anything in the future. And you know, he's a players' coach. I have enjoyed playing for him all four years, like all the other seniors have. Yeah.

Q. You guys had your run to the SEC tournament, now you got that win yesterday against New Mexico State. How has your guys' confidence grown over the winning streak?
BRYCE BROWN: We know what it takes at this point to beat these top tier teams, similar of Kansas. And as we knocked off Tennessee about a week ago, we kind of knowing what it takes, we know what type of ball we have to play, which is knocking down three-pointers, that's our game style, as well as defending and getting up inside of our defenders. That's when we are at our best, forcing turnovers. And we have to be physical, especially with a team like Kansas, we have to be physical because we are undersized and they have a very physical presence down low. It is our jobs as guards to help the bigs as well, you know, get down there and help them out.

Q. Bryce, you mentioned you guys were a three-point shooting team. Northeastern were as well. Did you watch how Kansas defended against Northeastern and what you took from it?
BRYCE BROWN: I don't know much about what Northeastern and I'm assuming, since you said they were a good three-point shooting team, I'm guessing Kansas did a pretty good job of making them attack the basket, running them off the line, which is what I can see them trying to do against us.

And our job is to make our teammates better, me and Jared and Chuma, the primary play makers, to get inside the paint and not only finish, but to try and drive and draw to our teammates hoping they can get open looks as well.

So taking note that you said that Northeastern is a good perimeter shooting team, I still don't feel they're the team we are because we have quick guards that are not just able to shoot but we can also get downhill as well.

Q. Bryce, you mentioned it there, you might be a bit undersized. What challenge does Dedric Lawson present you guys defensively?
BRYCE BROWN: We need to do a little bit more studying on him as a team. Off what I do know, he's a good physical, offensive presence down there. Not very athletic, so I feel like we could take advantage of that. He's a big body, he has good footwork and he has a soft touch around the basket, he can step out on the perimeter. He can put the ball on the floor.

But I have great confidence in my guys that we'll do a great job on him. He's a good player, but I feel like our guys are just as good, maybe even better, so yes.

Q. For both players, you have had a strong schedule, you have faced Kentucky and Tennessee. How much does that help when you face traditional team like Kansas?
THE MODERATOR: Let's start with you, Chuma.

CHUMA OKEKE: I feel like the SEC prepared us for a game like this. We know how to prepare for it now, so I think it prepared us really good.

BRYCE BROWN: The level of intensity those teams come with. We know how they come out and like I said, the top-tier teams, those type of teams, are all well-rounded defensively, offensively. That's what it takes to be a good team. They will be well on both sides of the ball. And I can probably see Kansas being similar to that since they are one of those top-tier programs.

Q. Chuma, when you were younger, you played with Dedric in youth basketball, maybe when you were 10 or 11 years old. Do you remember that? Or is that true or not?
CHUMA OKEKE: I used to play basketball with him, he was on my team when we were younger.

Q. (Off microphone.)
CHUMA OKEKE: He was a real smooth basketball player, real good, real long, like he is today. He's always been a good basketball player.

THE MODERATOR: More questions? We'll let these gentlemen go and wait for Coach Bruce Pearl. Thank you, guys.

Let's open it up to questions for Coach Bruce Pearl.

Q. Coach, at this point in the game, does experience matter? You are playing a Kansas team with four freshmen in the starting line-up and a guy who transferred from Memphis, NCAA debut on Thursday. Does that matter?
BRUCE PEARL: I would think experience does matter. And older players have been there and done that. Sometimes, you know, for us we were in a situation a year ago where we were not able to compete in the Round of 32, we were down to seven healthy players, and our roster is a little deeper right now. So we've been there. We weren't able to take advantage of that.

Now we're here against, you know, maybe the most historic program in the history of college basketball. With the opportunity now to get another shot at it is probably the thing that jumps out at me as far as experience is concerned. There are no freshmen anymore; they have all been through it before. And Kansas still has solid pros, former McDonalds All-American, and a Hall of Fame basketball coach so we've got our hands full.

Q. You are coming off a very emotional and intense victory whereas Kansas won quite easily. Other than the fact that they could rest some guys at the end of the game, do you see any other advantages or disadvantages as far as the emotional state of the game?
BRUCE PEARL: I was pleased with our team after the game because we weren't very happy. We were accountable for the fact that we had a meltdown, and we did not play very well defensively or keep New Mexico State off the boards. New Mexico State's inside guys really had their way with us, and Kansas's inside guys are bigger and better. So we have our hands full from that standpoint.

But the only other advantage/disadvantage was we were really tired yesterday. Five games in eight days is a lot, plus the travel. So, even though this will be six games in ten days, I really feel like having played early Thursday and now with a later start Saturday we'll be fine, we will be fresher than we were on Thursday.

Q. Coach, through your run in the SEC tournament, playing against teams like Kentucky and Tennessee, how have you seen your players' confidence grow over this winning streak?
BRUCE PEARL: The thing that jumps out to me is the fact that over the last couple of years, if Jared Harper and Bryce Brown played well, we had a real good chance to win. If they didn't, we had no chance to win. That's not been the case here in March. We've had great play from our bench, we've had lots of different guys step up. And from a confidence standpoint, I think it's been really, really good that those guys don't have to carry us, that somebody else is capable. And so, therefore, the kids are trusting a process and they're beginning to rely on themselves and each other more.

Q. Coach, what do you do better or differently than other schools to make you the best turnover team in the country and create steals?
BRUCE PEARL: Again, what jumps out to me is the rules are constantly changing and adjusting. I'm a Tom Davis disciple, 94 feet full-court pressure. But because of some of the different rules, trapping has virtually disappeared from our game. And so, therefore, our full-court pressure defense has really had to change. You can't be as aggressive because you're going to get calls for fouls. So we had to find a way to turn people over in the half-court. Simply put, we try to take a look at what you like to do and take away what you like to do and make you do something else.

So how can we stop Kansas's inside game? How can we stop Lawson with his inside-outside game? How can we stop those guys from driving down the lane? If we can figure out a way to do that and turn them over some in the process, we have a fighting chance to win the game.

Q. Coach, your voice is in a better shape today than it was yesterday. What are the challenges when you do lose your voice down the stretch, especially in a game like yesterday when you're trying to get play calls in or yell at guys to do certain things? How do you recover 24 hours before the next game?
BRUCE PEARL: Can you repeat that?

Q. I'm wondering in a tight game like yesterday, how do you get signals in to guys when you can't scream? And part two, how do you get your vocal chords rested so you don't make it worse?
BRUCE PEARL: We have hand signals on how we call plays. I can call anything verbally, I can also call it with hand signals and communicate with my point guard that way.

Late in the game, I had one timeout left and I did not want to use the timeout in case we were in an inbound situation where the inbound passer needed it. I'll be honest with you, my coaches were asking me to call timeout and burn the last one, whether I should or shouldn't have I don't know. I instructed our guys, up three or up four, what to do in that situation. Now, could they then take that instruction, get it to the other players and execute it? Remains to be seen whether or not we were able to get that done or not. Obviously, we fouled a three-point shooter when we weren't supposed to.

There's a fine line in there. You can go through a situation all you want in practice, but until you're out there in that pressure situation, that's why you understand that players are going to do what they do, you know. And they're going to make plays, both good and bad, so that can sometimes win you games, it can cost you games.

Q. Coach, you mentioned your guys being upset about the way the game finished yesterday. Every run has a game like that; one you have to survive, one that you've got to win ugly. Do you spin it that way after? Do you move on as quick as you can? What was the immediate aftermath of that with your guys?
BRUCE PEARL: The immediate aftermath was the guys were really down, whether they missed the ball, turned the ball over. But we still won and we're still alive and we still advanced.

What can we learn from it? I tell parents this all the time: When Johnny strikes out and cries, or sometimes he throws his bat, I'd rather teach him how to care a little less rather than to teach him to care and not sure whether that was strike three, did we win? I want him to keep score, I want him to know.

The fact our guys were down tells you they wanted it really badly. Sometimes wanting it really badly can get in the way. We've been in a lot of close game situations because we play in the SEC. I told my team that one of the advantages that we had over New Mexico State is they haven't been in very many close games because they've dominated the WAC. It's going to be a close game. I mean, I knew it was going to be a close game because I knew they were that good and I knew we weren't that much better than they were. We made five out of our last six free throws. That's how you close out games. We still did some good things at the end.

Q. How important has Chuma been to what you do defensively, as far as creating turnovers? How unique is it to have a big guy leading your team in steals?
BRUCE PEARL: I know you all love the game, watch Chuma, just watch him, because I know the pro scouts are. He is always in the right place at the right time. He is a great defender. Great hands, great instincts. Covers up a lot of our misses and mistakes and has got a great future. He gives us terrific versatility.

The match-up of he and Lawson will be a good match-up when Lawson is playing the four. Lawson will also play a lot of five, mostly five. When he does, I don't know if I can get Chuma on that match-up as often.

He's been a great, great guy to coach 'cuz he gives us great versatility defensively and then offensively he can score inside and out. And so he's really a guy that we try to play call for and he's been a big difference maker for us this year.

THE MODERATOR: Time for two more.

Q. Bruce, I'm sure there's a lot of gamesmanship at the free-throw line that we can't see or hear. I'm curious how you felt about J'Von doing the choke sign yesterday?
BRUCE PEARL: I didn't hear about that until ten minutes ago, so I apologize. And I talked to J'Von about it -- maybe it was 20 minutes ago -- I just talked to him about. I haven't seen it so I can't comment on it. It's certainly not something that you want or certainly not anything you promote.

And for me, what I would love, with your cooperation, J'Von McCormick, great kid, great family, played in a smaller JuCo, his best offers were Florida International and Florida Atlantic. When we lost Davion Mitchell to transfer in the spring, I had a scholarship for a player on a team that had a chance to go to the NCAA tournament, and I couldn't give it away because I had Jared Harper and Bryce Brown. Nobody wanted to come to Auburn because everybody recruited wants to start, they all want minutes. I recruit guys straight up. This is most likely going to be a backup position.

You can challenge those guys. To his credit he said, I'm going to come in and push him. If I come off the bench, I come off the bench. He's a great kid. And we haven't lost in March, and one of the major reasons is because of J'Von, his ability to come off the bench, his quickness, to accept the role that he had, not complain about it. He hasn't started a game, he hasn't come close to starting.

So the story for me with J'Von is, Hey, J, I haven't seen this yet, but unfortunately you have given the world an opportunity to focus on that, which I wish they wouldn't, but sometimes you have a responsibility. So we're dealing with it. All it is, you look at it as a lesson, not only for him but for the next guy. That's not at all his character and that's not at all ours.

THE MODERATOR: Last question.

Q. You were talking about your coaching philosophy and things and I don't know if you saw this, but Tom Izzo is a lightning rod today because he went out and yelled at a guy pretty harshly. What's your take on coaching players in games when they mess up?
BRUCE PEARL: That's a great question. The great Pat Dye at Auburn said: You can coach them as hard as you love them. There's nobody that can yell at your kids like you can. Nobody. You wouldn't let anybody else yell at your kids if you feel like you need to in a particular moment. Why? Because you love them. They love you. They respect you. And so that's number one.

Number two, sometimes kids are afraid to fail. Sometimes they're scared for the moment. And why not, the moment's huge. I'd rather have them scared of me and what I might say to them or how I might bite their head off versus being afraid to fail and not execute something.

So I don't know what all the hubbub is about, I haven't seen him yell, but I have seen it before. And so my guess is it's a huge overreaction. Kids still want discipline. Kids still want to be coached. They want tough love. And I want my son playing for a guy that knows his role. That's your head coach.

By the way, I told my guys, Half the time I'm yelling at you, I'm wrong. I'm wrong. But I'm going to do my job to the very best of my ability. You do your job to the best of your ability.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Auburn's been on a bit of a run here, obviously making their way, winning the SEC tournament, winning eight or nine straight games. What challenges does that present preparing for a team that's on a hot streak in March?
QUENTIN GRIMES: We have to focus on the game plan. We know they are really good, like to play really fast, like to get a lot of threes, spread the court in different ways, so we have to be alert to the shooters.

THE MODERATOR: Mitch?

MITCH LIGHTFOOT: Like he said, they're really fast, they shoot the ball really well. They do a lot of things well. They have big guys inside that can shoot, too. There's a bunch of things that go into our scouting report that we have to lock into to guard them as best as possible.

Q. Mitch, you are one of the old guys on this squad despite being just a junior. For those who haven't been here before, what kind of advice or what will you tell the younger guys as we head deeper into the tournament?
MITCH LIGHTFOOT: Telling the younger guys, my message has been: Enjoy it. You're here, this is what you have worked for. They have done a great job of preparing themselves for it. It's a big moment. There's a lot -- there's pressure. But this is what you train for. This is what you spend all those hours working on your game for.

So, if we can listen to our scouting report and listen to our coaches, I think they will be okay.

Q. Quentin, take us through what was it like to have all five of you guys that started making your NCAA debut on Thursday? Did you guys talk or how did you calm the jitters down? What was it like?
QUENTIN GRIMES: It was great just knowing we had four freshmen that had never been in this experience. Dedric, it was his first time as well. There was nerves in the first couple of minutes, as you could see, when they made those couple of shots. But I feel like after the first time out, everybody kind of settled down, when you stick to the game plan, everything started flowing offensively. We had to get the first few minutes out of the way, and then everybody just play basketball how they know how to play.

Q. Just building on what you just said. The experience of being here, what's it been like for you and the other freshmen first time?
QUENTIN GRIMES: It's been great so far. All the freshmen are really enjoying it now we have that first game out of the way. Now we can focus on just playing basketball and just for the ultimate title, get to the Final Four and hopefully just win every game. We've got to take it every game at a time. Auburn are next so we have to prepare for them.

THE MODERATOR: More questions? Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. We will await Coach Self's arrival.

Questions for Coach Self.

Q. Coach, I was curious with starting five guys who had never been in a NCAA tournament game, the result was good, but was there some anxiety and some jitters to get out or did they just go into it smoothly?
BILL SELF: I thought we played better as the game went on. But I -- if you have some jitters, which I know we did, tried to take them out on the defensive end as much as possible. And I think we were pretty good at doing that yesterday. But I think they all handled it pretty well.

That's going to be totally different playing speed like we'll play tomorrow. But I thought our guys handled the moment pretty well.

Q. Coach, Auburn's been on a bit of a run here, with their run to the SEC tournament, won eight or nine straight games now. How much of a challenge is it to prepare for a team that's been this hot in March?
BILL SELF: I think that -- it's a challenge. Anybody that's won a game in the tournament can make a case that they're probably playing well at that moment. So, they're probably as hot as anybody in the tournament, in their respective league, which is so good to run off eight in a row, and then yesterday was the ninth if I'm not mistaken. They beat a team yesterday that obviously went down to the last possession that we played them earlier in the year in Kansas City. So they're hot, they're hot.

You can look at it that we -- I don't know that we're hot over time, but we played pretty well yesterday. So I can convince our guys that we're hot, too.

Q. I wanted to know two things about coaching such a young team. First, has it taken a toll on you? Do you have more gray hair? Do you have to dye your hair now? Also, how does that make you a better coach when you're constantly teaching guys?
BILL SELF: I'm not going to say I haven't purchased Just For Men at some point in time over the last several months. (Laughter.)

I do think that at our place it's a little different than a lot of places. There's some places like that -- we don't use youth as an excuse. So regardless of what's happened to us this year, if you're out there, you still have to deliver and perform. Our guys have accepted that pretty well. We haven't played to the level that past teams have. But I think I also believe there's some reasons why we haven't, and I'm not going to say youth is one of them. I just think we haven't had our full complement of guys.

I'm really proud of our guys and how they have handled me all year-long. I haven't been easy this year to deal with. For a large part because frustration sets in when you think about things, to a coach seems so simple, but to a player may be the first or second time they have ever heard something. So that is a challenge. They've handled it great.

I can honestly say it's been fun coaching them, you know. I think sometimes the way that we play in the past isn't as available to us now so we have to figure out different ways to do things. It's been fun for me to try to tweak some things to get the most out of them. So it's been an enjoyable year but it has been challenging.

Q. Bill, I know your game yesterday wasn't close, but there have been tons of games that have been close where you have had reviews at the end of the games, long delays. Do you think that hurts the game, these long delays?
BILL SELF: You know what, I have watched a bit of the games but I haven't been able to, like in our film room we have TVs going everywhere and our film stuff going, too. I haven't been locked into knowing of the exact examples that you're referring to.

But the long delays aren't good. But I do think this time of year it's more important to get it right than it is to have a delay. And I'm not, I don't know which exact example you're... excuse me?

Q. There have been a few of them. It happened in the Auburn game.
BILL SELF: That was obviously -- and the thing about those situations that is unique, even though we look at it as I think people that watch it on television as fans or in the stands as fans and, Oh, it's taking too long, but it also plays in the strategy too much, because you give a team an extra timeout that didn't have one, or you allow a team to have to defend something when they wouldn't have had a timeout to put something in that second.

So from a strategic standpoint, a late game, it certainly comes into play and that is one of the unintended consequences I believe of the reviews and the delays. I still think this time of year it is more important to get it right than it is to rush through it.

Q. Your team is playing against a team like Auburn, who leads the country in making their opponents turn the ball over. Is that something you talk about even more with your team about protecting the ball and hammering that home?
BILL SELF: Yes. We haven't -- you have seen us. We haven't been great this year in ball security during stretches. There have been times we've been really good and times we haven't been. And certainly a big key to playing them tomorrow from an offensive standpoint will be the elimination of -- we'll turn it over some, we're going to do that, live ball turnovers where they can create numbers in transition or shoot threes in transition, things like that.

So, we're going -- "careful" is not the right word. We will need to be very strong with the ball.

Q. Coach, obviously you guys had a comfortable margin of victory. Auburn's game went down to the last second, an emotional, intense game. Does that give either team an advantage or disadvantage moving forward?
BILL SELF: I personally don't think so. We read into those things. So if I'm coaching, if we had the same game that Bruce had, I would say that's perfect, it played out perfectly. Then if we had the game that we had, I would say that played out perfectly.

They've been in real game pressure, which could be an advantage for them, but who knows. I think we try to make so much of things like that and I'm not sure that there's an exact science to which it benefits more.

Q. Just a general basketball question. When you look at sort of like the top five or ten guys who leave college and go to the NBA over the last few years, do you think the tournament impacts their status at all? I guess that would be the best way to put it.
BILL SELF: Statistically, I can't answer that. From me just thinking off the top of my head, I would say the tournament certainly enhances it. I would say there's been many times where the tournament hasn't hurt anybody, but it's certainly helped a lot. And you know you could go back over -- think of Steph Curry, that would be the first one that comes to mind with me.

And I'll be honest with you, there are some players playing collegiately right now if they don't have a great tournament, they will still go at the very top of the draft. We've seen them too much. I do think it can really enhance.

But for maybe a fringe guy, maybe it would hurt a little bit. But I don't see it that way. I think there are a lot of guys at Villanova last year that benefited from the NCAA tournament.

Q. Devon Dotson obviously has had a great year for you as a freshman, he's matched up against Jared Harper tomorrow, both very quick, Jared has more experience. Quite a challenge but I guess you could say that at about every position for you guys tomorrow.
BILL SELF: Yeah, when you start four freshmen we're going to be seeing some things that we haven't seen before. There's nobody in our league that plays like Auburn. You could say maybe when West Virginia with Miles and Carter back there, but it was still different, but at least the pressure of every possession. They put pressure on you defensively most every possession, but offensively, they put pressure on you most every possession as well. So, it is different.

But Devon will have his hands full. I love his mentality, his talent, I love his toughness. It will be a big challenge for all our people tomorrow, all our guards, but it will be one that they will welcome and are really looking forward to.

Q. When you talked a little bit about the challenge this year, obviously the regular season run ended. But does what you do in the tournament, can that kind of change how you look at it and change maybe how people back in Lawrence look at this year?
BILL SELF: I think so. I've always thought, you can win your league, win your Conference, you can do whatever, but if you don't play well in tournaments, it's just a good year. You have to do well in the tournaments to take it from a good to a great.

And even though -- I shouldn't apologize for being a four-seed. But even though the year didn't go exactly as we had it scripted, I do think in our fans' minds and certainly in my mind, in our players' minds, it takes the sting off of that totally if you perform very well in the tournament.

So you don't get a ring for winning a game in the tournament. You don't get anything for winning the Championship. And we've not done that twice in the Conference in the post-season. So the only way we have a chance to get a ring would be to advance and to advance quite a way.

So I do think the opportunity to get to a second weekend -- of course Auburn has the same opportunity -- is something that I think our guys will look at and say, Considering everything we've been through, this has been a really good season. Still not great. But really good with a chance maybe to build on it.

THE MODERATOR: More questions? Okay, thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. You guys were down 16 at the half and to come out on a 10-0 run. What did the coach tell you at the break?
MAKAI MASON: One of the biggest things was trying to win the 50/50 balls. We felt like we had a lot that they won in the first half, and we really pride ourselves on getting those. So that was the biggest thing, just the mentality of, you know, getting the loose balls, obviously not letting up transition threes also.

Q. This is for King. Obviously an offensive juggernaut you faced. How difficult was it to slow them down and keep them out of transition?
KING McCLURE: It was kind of tough. We felt lackadaisical and they had a lot of transition buckets. Credit to the guys, like Coach Drew said, all year we've never tapped out, we've never given up. When they hit the transition bucket and hit a big three, we come right back and we never ever give up.

That's one thing I can say about this group of guys is, we just have fight and we have heart. You can't measure a man's heart. I'm proud of all the guys. I love those guys. They did an amazing job tonight in not giving up.

Q. This is for Makai. Obviously, a tough time right now. How fun was it to play on this team, you know, overachieved in most people's eyes?
MAKAI MASON: Very thankful and grateful that I got the opportunity to play here. Yeah, being a part of the Baylor family, even for one year, has really meant a lot to me. I've really grown to love the coaching staff and the players as well.

Yeah, just being doubted all year, to see the fight that this team has, it's awesome. I can't say enough about them, about the guys, their spirit. So I'm thankful I made the decision to spend my last year here.

Q. King, I know there's a lot of offensive firepower on Gonzaga. Did you know that Clarke had that much going on?
KING McCLURE: He was playing good. Credit to him. He made tough plays, he made tough shots, he got rebounds. Like I said earlier, he had a great game.

But we didn't give up. We kept fighting. And that's one thing I'm proud of, I'm proud of the guys for doing that.

Q. King, you said when you guys made it into the tournament that it was such a good feeling because of how last year ended. For you to finish out your career on this stage in the way you played tonight, kind of reflecting back on this experience.
KING McCLURE: It's been a great experience. I think I can literally say I left it all on the court my very last game. It was a great year, an up-and-down year. At the end of the day, we didn't give up. And the guys made sure that I had the very best season I could have and they made sure that last year, we didn't have a repeat of last year.

We got to the tournament even when we lost Tristan and all the adversity that we dealt with. The guys made sure that they kept fighting and for that, I'm forever grateful.

Q. A quick follow-up for both of you. All season you have talked about your experience and leading these younger guys and getting them through all the obstacles that you have faced. Now that you're moving on, what do you hope that you have left with this group that they can carry on?
KING McCLURE: Me personally, I just, I feel bad for whoever has to play us next year because we're going to be pretty good. The guys following up, another year of growth, summer of work. And just we have a lot of hard workers. That is one thing I can say about this group. We work hard, we stay in the gym. The transfers we got coming in. I just feel bad for next year because I think we're going to be very talented and be very special. They just take the leadership traits that they learn from myself, Makai and Jake, we have a chance to be very, very special this year.

THE MODERATOR: Makai.

MAKAI MASON: This run is definitely going to help those guys next year. The biggest thing this team can take away is just our fight. So if you have that fight that this team has, coupled with the talent that they will have next year, I think it's going to be a scary team, and they will be fun to watch.

THE MODERATOR: We will dismiss the student-athletes. Once they have left the dais, we will go to questions for Coach Drew.

Q. Can you talk about how tough it is to see the senior class go and what it has meant to you in this program.
SCOTT DREW: You see a lot of senior classes come and go, and some of them they just mean a little more. I think seeing the emotion in the locker room tells you how much all the guys poured into this season.

It's kind of like when you have a great time with the relatives, they leave, and you're really going to miss them, and you cry a little bit more. And King's one of those guys that I'm so happy he had a great tournament because he really, really cares about Baylor basketball. Makai came in, and a lot of times people that are just here one year, it's really about themselves. And he never was like that. From day one he was a great teammate. He really loves the Baylor community and I know he will be a great supporter. And we'll be there for him for the rest of his life, too.

Q. Coach, did Clarke surprise you guys at all? Obviously, everyone talks about Rui and he goes for 36. Did that, what he was able to do?
SCOTT DREW: There's a reason he's on the draft board. (Laughter.) That's what makes Gonzaga really good. It's like plugging holes in a dam, you can plug three but that fourth one gets you. And the biggest stat line was that he drew nine fouls on people guarding him. When Tristan went down -- he was a top-five rim protector, a bigger body, and we chose to play smaller.

So they did a great job isolating him. They did a great job getting him the ball, getting us in foul trouble. And the thing that I was a little surprised, I thought we could block him out a little bit better and, I mean, he really has a quick jump, too.

Q. Was there one thing that stood out to you the most about his performance tonight?
SCOTT DREW: Could you repeat that, please?

Q. Was there one thing that stood out to you the most about his performance tonight?
SCOTT DREW: That would have been his offensive rebounding, just how quick. I mean, we couldn't keep him off the glass. I think he had four, but I think I remembered them all. But sometimes you think it's going to be one of those nights when they throw a pass and it goes in from three. And I know he had a shot, we're like, Man, that's great defense. He made some tough shots, him personally. I know he didn't shoot the three, but I thought us 4 for 21, at the end of the day we've lived and died by the three so much that really hurt us.

Credit them for playing good defense.

Q. Coach, it seemed as though you guys came out a completely different team in the second half. Can you just talk about what was said at half-time and how you got them to come out and really attack Gonzaga?
SCOTT DREW: Well, I think we settled down and played how we play. And then it always helps when you make a couple of shots. First half, we only had one assist, six turnovers. Second half, we had nine assists, four turnovers. So we shared the ball but we made shots then. And when you make shots, you keep them out of transition. And I thought second half was a lot more of how we play and I wish we'd have played two halves like that.

But credit to the team and the upperclassmen making sure that we came out and played Baylor basketball.

Q. Scott, it looked like Mark Vital really gave you a shot in the arm. Even though he was playing four fouls, he was very aggressive going to the hoop.
SCOTT DREW: Him getting in foul trouble hurt us. And block charge calls are always the toughest to make.

At the end of the day, when he got in foul trouble, he still competed until the end. I thought they did a good job picking on him and putting him in a position where he couldn't give much resistance. But again, Gonzaga's -- not only are they really talented and well coached, but they are experienced. We had a lot of guys, it was their first time playing on this stage and I thought we did a great job the first game. I thought our youth probably showed up a little bit in that first half.

Q. Scott, what made this team so unique is that they never stopped playing hard for you, you and the staff. They never really caved in or anything. Given the circumstances, everything they went through, from the beginning of the season to tonight.
SCOTT DREW: I think, first and foremost, their character and work ethic. When you get guys that really are high character and work hard, they're going to compete and they're going to try. The toughest thing as a coach is trying to always keep a team unselfish. And you watch a team on TV and you're like Man, they're great, they really share the ball. And the next game, everybody gets more selfish.

And for the most part this team never really did. And because of that, that's how we had to win as a team. So, we're better together. And because of that, we're able to achieve what we did. It always hurts the last game. But it also motivates you and gives experience to others that go through it.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Brandon, did you feel like you had to take it upon yourself every time they made a run? It seemed like you had an answer for that. Was it the flow of the game or were you being aggressive?
BRANDON CLARKE: I would say both, really. Really locked in and focused tonight. So, I mean, if it wasn't me, it was somebody else on the team making big shots, too. So hats off to my teammates, really. And I feel like I was focused tonight so the shots fell easy tonight.

Q. Also for Brandon. A couple of people on Twitter wondering what you had for breakfast this morning.
BRANDON CLARKE: Pretty much the same thing I have on every road trap: I had cheese, eggs, bacon, pancakes, and some fruit. (Laughter.)

Q. Brandon, another embarrassing questions for you. Do you ever work on dunks when you're messing around in the gym? Because you had a few nice opportunities tonight.
BRANDON CLARKE: Maybe kind of, no...

MARK FEW: They are really easy for him, unlike the rest of us.

BRANDON CLARKE: I feel like the dunks come easy to me. You know, I have had times when I practice the more tougher dunks, but I'm not out there practicing them.

COREY KISPERT: He's a two-time dunk champion.

MARK FEW: Over you?

COREY KISPERT: Yes, over me.

Q. Could you describe what this year's been like for you? You didn't win much at San Jose State and now in the Sweet 16.
BRANDON CLARKE: It's been something that's been really fun for me. This is easily the most fun I've had playing ball ever. So, I'm really blessed to have the chance to come here and to play for the Zags. Obviously, it was tough last year not playing. But it was something that was huge for me. It is something I wouldn't change.

Q. Corey, looking ahead to the Sweet 16, are you looking forward to that rematch with Florida State?
COREY KISPERT: Absolutely. 100 percent. They are a really good team. They're going to demand our best and that's what we want. We wouldn't want it any other way. It just so happened we got Florida State again in the Sweet 16 and we have a special itch to take care of against them.

Q. Brandon, were you at the game? Were you able to travel for the game last year against Florida State?
BRANDON CLARKE: I didn't. I watched it on my TV in my room at home.

Q. Do you remember what it was like watching that game? You probably felt you could have helped, right?
BRANDON CLARKE: Last year, they had lots of really big guys that were able to block shots. They had three or four really long guys, they were able to alter shots in the paint. But I feel like -- and also we didn't have Killian last year during the game so that was big for the team.

I feel it's a great challenge for us coming up next week that we're going to take on.

Q. Brandon, I believe it was you that was down there when Geno threw that alley-oop pass that ended going in. At what point did you decide not to go up there?
BRANDON CLARKE: It was probably going to land in the cylinder so I was probably best off not to touch it. I was really shocked to see it go in perfectly. I guess I can say it was a great passing shot.

THE MODERATOR: We'll dismiss the student-athletes and when they've left the dais, we'll return to questions for Coach.

Q. Coach, there were a couple sequences where your guys worked through the zone, like, I have never really seen it. Have you worked on that all year? Is that stuff you put in the other day for Baylor?
MARK FEW: That's players having great feel for the game and just playing. I mean, we have been very good against zone all year, and it's primarily because our bigs, our interior guys can play together and they can really pass. Obviously, if given the opportunity, they can make plays at the rim.

So that's something, especially when you put Killian Tillie in there, he's probably the best high-post player I've ever coached. That's hard to say because I had Kelly Olynyk who was unbelievable in the high post. Killian has a real gift in there.

Because of that, Rui and even Brandon have been playing with him by osmosis, watching him make those plays and passes, they've kind of absorbed that, they have a very good chemistry together. Obviously we can space the floor with those guards, all those guards can really shoot, and shoot it deep.

Q. Coach, how much of last year's game against Florida State can you take into next week's match-up with them?
MARK FEW: First of all, we're going to enjoy the heck out of this. Everybody seems really willing to talk about Florida State. But we're going to enjoy the heck out of this tonight, we're going to enjoy it again tomorrow, and watch all these great games in the tournament. It's just an unbelievable time of year to be involved in college basketball and we feel blessed to still be in the tournament.

But look, they returned their entire team from last year, so we will watch the tape from that. We're a much different team this year. Again, because like during the warm-ups we were notified that Killian wasn't going to be able to play so that was kind of a crushing blow to us, emotionally. Florida State was really good that night, I don't know if we could have beaten them with Killian, but I know he would have really, really helped.

So we will prepare like crazy. I thought they were really, really underseeded. I have watched them a bunch this year and they've had a great year. They had Duke beat at their place and played great all year. I mean, I thought they'd end up on the 2 line and to see them at 4, that's kind of tough. You have to beat really good teams to advance in this thing. So, we knew we were going to have to play somebody really good, and Florida State is no doubt that.

Q. Coach, from where you were sitting, was Baylor doing something that made it especially tough for Rui or did he have an off night?
MARK FEW: Baylor, they're a physical, like tough, hard-nosed team, they're like a football team almost, the way they rebound and how physical they are around the basket. And I think they bodied up on him some and he didn't finish the first couple. And so I think it just kind of, kind of snowballed on him a little bit. He hasn't really had a bad game for us all year. So just really wasn't his night and, you know, that happens unfortunately.

But we have Brandon Clarke, we have Killian Tillie, and Corey Kispert, and some other guys that stepped up. That's why this team is so special.

Q. Baylor came out with a 12-0 run in the second half, you took that timeout. What did you tell the guys to bring them back?
MARK FEW: We have to get back to bring the fight to them. They jumped us and we were back on our heels. That was not how we had played the first 20 minutes. We were the ones making plays, we were the ones hustling and getting those 50/50 balls. And we kind of lost our way in guarding the three line, they had two threes bang out of the jump, just on a little casualness and one missed assignment.

So it's mostly just telling them to get back to who we are and what we'd been in the first half.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Auburn's known as a football school. What do you think campus is going to be like this week when you get back? It's been 16 years since you have been to Sweet 16.
JARED HARPER: Coming back to school, there will be a lot of support moving forward.

Q. Bryce, over the last couple of weeks, what's changed for this team? It's an 11-, 12-game winning streak now and an SEC Championship. What's clicked over the past few weeks? It's now six games in ten days.
BRYCE BROWN: It starts on the defensive side. Kind of midway through SEC play we weren't really happy where we were. Coach always talked about how it was on us if you want to make that decision that you want to go far in the tournament, it's starts on the defensive side. Ever since we made that adjustment, we're moving the ball well, defending, you know, being physical.

Those things are small things that it takes to get to the Sweet 16 and even further.

Q. For Jared or Bryce, six games in ten days, how are you guys able to still play at such a high level with so many games in such a short period of time?
JARED HARPER: That is a testament to our off-season work with our strength and conditioning coach, Coach D, does a good job with us getting our bodies ready the whole summer, early in the preseason, and even during the season we work a lot on our bodies just for times like this when other teams will be tired and us as a team we're not going to be tired. Plus we have ten players that are able to run the floor the way we do, we're able to tire teams out.

Q. Either player. You guys got off to a hot start. What was going so well offensively and did you feed off each other after that?
BRYCE BROWN: Yeah, like I said, it starts on the defensive side of the ball with us. Typically when we start off hot on a defensive end, we start off hot on the offensive end. And that's what it's been like all season-long. We get out in transition, knock down shots. And I feel like that's just part of who we are and what we do. And we continue to do that and we continue to win ball games and go even further.

Q. It must be asked, have either of you guys met Barkley, Charles Barkley?
JARED HARPER: We've met him a couple of times. He has a statue in front of our gym now so we have definitely met him a couple of times.

Q. Any stories?
BRUCE PEARL: No. (Laughter.)

THE MODERATOR: We will dismiss the student-athletes and thank them. Once they have left the stage, we will return to questions for Coach. Thank you, guys. Questions for Coach Pearl.

Q. Bruce, does this game feel like a polar opposite to the second round last year?
BRUCE PEARL: Yeah. I mean, look, last year we had a courageous group of kids. We went into the SEC tournament with eight scholarship players. They give you 13. A couple of guys were suspended, a couple of guys were hurt. We were just fortunate to limp home and win our last regular-season game against South Carolina. We went to the SEC tournament and we just didn't have enough. We were fortunate to get by Charleston and got dominated by Clemson.

There's a much different feel because we have ten healthy bodies, we're playing really good basketball. We were in the best position that the program could possibly be in to win that basketball game. I talked to my athletic director, Allen Greene, before the game, I said, I know the outcome, I feel like we're in a really good spot right now to make history.

Q. Bruce, talk about Jared and his play, how he runs the offense. Every time Kansas tried to make a run, it looked like Jared had everything under control. Talk about his leadership and the way he runs this ball club.
BRUCE PEARL: I don't know if Belichick feels this way about Brady, but I'm sure there are times he thinks Brady is smarter than him. I know he's smarter than me.

He's got -- obviously he's fearless. And he knows his role. Little guys have got to be, they've got to have great range, they've got to be special in ball screen offense and defense. And they have to have command of their locker room, and he has all those things. Self-made, nobody works harder. Great family. His best coach is his father.

And I'm really proud of, like the two guys we had in here, Cedric Brown and Pat Harper spent as much time with their sons in the gym still as we do as coaches. Night, extra shooting. It's a beautiful thing. We're kind of a father-son program. My son is on my bench. Next year Wes Flanigan's son is coming to play for us. It's a really wonderful thing.

Q. This program took a big step last year. How huge is it this year to get to the Sweet 16?
BRUCE PEARL: Say again.

Q. You took a big step last year. How huge is it this year to get to the Sweet 16?
BRUCE PEARL: It's a big step. I'm very proud of the SEC. I'm blessed to be able to coach in the SEC. I was rooting like crazy for LSU and Kentucky. I will be rooting for Tennessee and the teams that we still have alive in this tournament. Because we had a great Conference this year, so competitive, such great coaches and the kids, really good kids. So the fact that we're still playing, I know the SEC's proud of us. That means a lot to me.

Q. Bruce, your daughter was sitting, your older daughter Jacqui was right behind press row and she's fun to sit by, she's got a lot of opinions. She seems to know the entire playbook. And she's not shy about sharing them. I wondered, are all your kids like that? Your son coaches for you. But are all your kids junkies and especially wondering if Jacqui has said, Dad, I think you need to run this play instead of that one?
BRUCE PEARL: Yeah. You can do anything as long as you have your family with you. And my family's been, we've done all this together. And so it's great to have her here. She was a pretty good player. In fact, she's probably a better rebounder than a bunch of my guys. She was more physical than they are. But my son is on my bench. Jacqui's here.

My two other children, Leah, works for a Turner, and she helps a lot of the talent get around. She works with Charles in Atlanta. So she's tied in and connected. And my son Michael is a junior in Auburn. Doesn't that kind of make sense? We're all in this together.

And my wife Brandy, for every family that's out there, she's so willing to give me up because she understands this ministry, she understands the needs of her student-athletes. And so she's get to share me a lot.

My kids are vocal. They yell at the refs more than I do. They think they know more than I do. What kids don't? It is special to be able to do this with them. Thanks for asking that question.

THE MODERATOR: Anything more for Coach? Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Dedric, when they were hitting three-pointers early like that, how does that change how you have to defend them?
DEDRIC LAWSON: The whole game plan was to get out to the shooters. We did a pretty poor job really, me and myself getting back, and other guys getting out to the shooter, we let those guys get comfortable and that's what led to the big deficit in the first half.

Q. My question is for Marcus. Marcus, did you feel like defensively that you guys did an okay job? Because it seemed like everything they threw up went in.
MARCUS GARRETT: Yeah, you could say that. I feel like we didn't do a good job of getting to the shooters in the first half. But some of those lobs when they were losing the ball, just throwing them up, everything seemed like it was going in for them.

THE MODERATOR: We will dismiss these two and turn it over to questions for Coach Self. Thank you, guys. Questions for Coach.

Q. Bill, it looked like a couple of times early, two minutes in, you took the one timeout and a couple of more minutes later, they kept swarming and gaining momentum. Did you feel like you just didn't know what to do at some point there?
BILL SELF: Yes. (Laughter.)

The thing about it, it was a bad NCAA rule change when they went from five to four time-outs because we could have used more of them. A lot of it's on me. I should have sent three back in transition rather than send two back. You know, you see how New Mexico State dominated the glass so you wanted to at least give yourself a chance.

But the things that you have to -- when you're playing an athletic team like that, and they're far more athletic and quicker, the things you have to do is, your first step has to be full speed. You can't run an even race with them. You have to be ahead, because if you run an even race, it will be hard to catch up. And they had us so stretched out. A lot of it was we never scored so when you don't score it's easier to run. But they had us so stretched out the first half, or the first eight or ten minutes, and Harper and Brown were as good as we have seen all year-long.

Give them all the credit. How we thought we could maybe guard them really didn't come into play because it's a little bit harder guarding an open court than it is in the half-court. That's where they hurt us the most. I think they had 22 points in transition according to the stat sheet. I don't know how accurate it is. I assume it is. In the first eight minutes. That shouldn't happen in three games. But they certainly did it to us.

Q. You guys played better at the start of the second half, offensively you hit your first seven shots and made up one point. How frustrating is that?
BILL SELF: The game wasn't over at half-time even though there had to be just about everything go right. If you go seven for seven -- I didn't realize that's what it was to start the second half -- you would think 26 is at least 18 or 16, instead it's 25. They shot the ball extremely well. I didn't feel like the second half defensively our energy level was good enough to make them play poorly. We basically hoped they missed and they didn't. So you know we weren't good on that end at all.

THE MODERATOR: More questions for Coach?

Q. Obviously, it's way too early to start talking about what next season, but you're heading into an off-season with some uncertainty about who is coming back as usual and coming off a different sort of season for you guys. Do you have some sense of just where you are and how you look at everything right now, Bill?
BILL SELF: Well, obviously there's Dok and Dedric and Silvio are all questions for next year, and certainly maybe other players as well. Which we are used to dealing with that. That's okay.

The thing about it is, it's been a challenging year. I thought the kids hung in there and did a great job, for the most part. Their attitudes and everything was terrific. And we didn't muster up enough momentum like some past teams have to probably go on a run like other teams have.

But being a four-seed in the tournament, and so much of the tournament is match-ups, as much as anything. And I got to be honest with you, when I saw Auburn as the five in our bracket, I'm going, I just watched them play and they're fast and those are the teams we obviously struggle the most against.

Q. Coach, just talk about Dedric and what he's meant to this program.
BILL SELF: He hasn't been here very long. So, you know, I -- he's had an all-American type season, maybe not a first-team all-American, but a second-, third-team all-American-type season. And I hate it for him because he only got to play two -- he and KJ came and they only got to play two games in the tournament this year, and it may be the only two that Dedric plays.

He has got to make some decisions. He's had as good a year as we could ever have hoped for. I don't know that we've ever ridden a guy -- maybe Thomas Robinson -- but he'd be the only guy we would have ridden as hard as Dedric. And you wouldn't have to if you had your full complement of guys obviously.

But he's our best passer and you lose Dok, so you take away the guy that he can pass it to, which really kind of minimizes his skill set a lot because he is a terrific passer. I thought he improved. He scored the ball. He put up numbers almost every night.

And even tonight, he struggled so much like he did early, and he still come away with 25 and 10. That speaks volumes to him not quitting and certainly playing the entire game. But he's a terrific kid. I mean, I wish we had -- we've got great kids, don't get me wrong, but he is one of the special kids we've had in our program in recent years.

THE MODERATOR: Alright, thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Congratulations. For the players, Ahmed, you especially seemed very happy there at game's end. What was going through your mind when you won that game to advance to the Sweet 16?
AHMED HILL: I was just thinking about all the hard work that we put in during the offseason and all the adversity we went through during the season with losing J. Rob and other players.

I just was excited that me and this group of guys get to play again. We didn't want it to be the last time we were together. We feel like we're a special group, and we just want to prolong our playing time together.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: For me, I just thought about all the people who have been a part of the program, people who helped me in life both on and off the court. This moment is so big for us, so big for everybody in this program. I thought of Ernest. I thought of Devin Wilson. Thought of Coach Reynolds. Thought of Bibbs, just all those people who helped us get to this point. It's been a long journey. So I'm glad to be here.

Q. For both you guys, what was the difference defensively in the second? You really seemed to lock down defensively in the second half. What was the difference there?
AHMED HILL: I just thought we came out with more energy. First half I thought we played defense, but we kind of was just "eh." I think when we picked up the intensity and kind of talked to one another, we began to move better, faster, sharper, mentally, and I think that was the difference.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: I think Med's energy was a big start to how we started the second half. He's our engine on both ends of the floor, and I think he did a really good job of extending pressure for them. And they took a couple of tough shots to start the half, and I think that's what sparked the run and that's how we started scoring a little bit more.

Q. Kerry, you guys held them to four offensive rebounds. Seemed like the second half every time they put up a shot you were holding them to one shot. What would help you guys do so well on the board in terms of limiting them to one shot so much of the time?
KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: Limited paint touches helped us. When they're not penetrating us and getting us in rotation, we're able to all be in position to rebound. Our guards did a really good job of rebounding. Ty did an outstanding job especially in the second half, just going and getting it on both ends of the floor. I think just staying out of rotation helped a lot.

Q. Med, a few minutes left, you guys are clinging to I think a six-point lead at the time. Inbound pass from Justin Robinson. You slipped inside Scottie James for an alley-oop layup there. Got the foul, got the lay-up, got the free throw. How critical was that to go up nine at that point and give yourselves a cushion?
AHMED HILL: That was huge. That was kind of like a little thing that we kind of see if the man is not looking, kind of just throw it up. And thanks to God I got an and-one and the ball went in. I just try to bring as much energy as possible, and I start yelling, and I knew it gets the guys going. So that's all I tried to do.

Q. For both players, in what way is your team a reflection of your coach?
KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: I think it starts with his consistency that gives us energy on and off the floor. I think he's dedicated to teaching us, and I think we got a group that's dedicated to learning. And I think that extends to the floor.

AHMED HILL: Yeah, how to say that is just he always teaches us life lessons, no matter what. After the game, he taught us another life lesson, and it's just not basketball. It's just, you know, he teaches us every day. Every time we're around him he teaches us, and he's always in the gym lifting. He'll see us, he'll yell at us, tell us, I'm in there.

Guys just work. He's a worker, and it kind of just wears off on us, and when the freshmen come in they see it all, him working out and other coaches getting in the gym working out as well. So I think our program is built on the right culture of blue-collar guys that just want to work.

Q. Congratulations on punching your ticket to the Sweet 16, guys.
AHMED HILL: Thank you.

Q. Yesterday Liberty was able to put up 80 points against Mississippi State, and today you held them to 56. What was your defensive game plan, and how do you control the pace of the game so well?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: That was the best question asked thus far, Max. Congratulations. You're on your way. Competition is not too tough.

AHMED HILL: I think we just wanted to limit paint touches. We want to limit them from getting to the rim and make them shoot long contested threes. In the first half, they hit a lot of shots. And as a program, you kind of want to just deter from that, and we kind of looked at each other like what's going on. Thanks to our coaches, they kind of made us stick with the game plan. And in the second half we just tried to do our best and get a rebound.

Q. Congratulations on the win again. How excited on a scale of 1 to 100 are you guys about advancing to Sweet 16?
AHMED HILL: 500.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: There's not a number for that. It's crazy. Just excited to be there.

Q. To follow up on that now you've got Duke again, when you beat them the last time last month, you didn't have Justin. They didn't have Zion. Just the competitor in you, kind of get your juices flowing with the idea of playing Duke with Zion this time?
KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: He's a really great player. They're a really great team. With or without him they got five really good guys on the floor. And we got J. Rob back, so that does so much for our team. We're excited to have an opportunity to play them again, especially on a neutral site in Washington, D.C., and it's Sweet 16. So opportunity to get to the Elite Eight.

AHMED HILL: Very excited just to play.

BUZZ WILLIAMS: Perfect answer.

Q. At the end of the game, everyone seemed to have a different reaction. Alexander-Walker just kind of stood to the corner, didn't really -- he just looked shocked. Hill, you were jumping up and down. Can you just describe what you were seeing on the floor at the end and what you're thinking through your mind right now?
AHMED HILL: I think it's different emotions for every other player. My emotions was I'm just excited to be able to play again with these guys. I'm a senior, and just all the work that has been put into the program just seems to be pouring out, and I'm just really excited to be able to be a part of this program and continue to play.

MODERATOR: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. We'll excuse Ahmed and Kerry, and we're open it up to Coach.

Q. Buzz, the last few seconds, J. Rob dribbles over to you, you guys are sharing a smile and a few words right there. What did you guys say to each other?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Just that I'm so excited for him. To miss 12 games as the all-time leader in assists, and there was never any assurance that he was going to be able to play again. Obviously we were all hoping that, but he hasn't played since January. And for him to be able to come back on this stage and obviously be a part of winning on Friday and then to continue our season, just thankful, thankful for my relationship with him. Thankful for my relationship with his parents, thankful for how all of this has transpired.

Regardless of how it plays out, right, he was able to end his career in this manner is so much better than him sitting over there in civilian clothes.

Q. Coach, how special is it to you to make it back to the Sweet 16 for the Hokies, first time since 1967? I mean that's like 52 years ago. Gotta be a pretty big accomplishment, I imagine.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Do you think in 1967 that when they won two games that they called it the Sweet 16?

Q. Probably not. I don't remember.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I think it was a 32-team tournament back before I was born. Is that right?

Q. 23.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Only 23 teams went.

Q. They went two games to get to the Elite Eight.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: But you're saying only 23 teams went to the tournament?

Q. Yes, sir.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: And so which team didn't play in the first round?

Q. There were a bunch of byes, because they had to win two games to get to the Elite Eight.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Interesting. I didn't know that. Awesome. Much respect to those in 1967 that did it. We're glad to join them.

Q. Buzz, just to follow up on that, you're used to getting to this round with Marquette, but to get this school to this point, to get this group of guys to this point, how satisfying is it to you that you're able to experience this with this school and this group of guys?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah, incredibly satisfying. Not because of me. Whatever has transpired to this point, regardless of where I was employed, it was always the people. Right?

I think just listening to those guys, and if you were at a press conference at one of the other Sweet 16s we were a part of, I don't know that they would be as polished as K and Med. But the message would be the same.

It's just the things that you learn at vacation Bible school. Right? This is the church, this is the steeple, open it up and there's the people. And anytime you have success, it's always the people. And it's the people that never get their nameplate. It's the people that are putting in the same number of hours and sacrificing relative to their lives the same things that those of us that do have a microphone get to.

So very humbled, overwhelmed with gratefulness. Difficult to articulate how you feel, but to be able to continue to have a chance to play is an unbelievable feeling in the last week of March, for sure.

Q. What was the lesson you taught your players after the game?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah, there is a lot of give and take. I think they make it sound like I'm doing all the teaching. What I wanted to teach them is what I learned from them. You can Google it. There's been unbelievable number of things that were out of our control that have transpired over the last -- even since last July, not just the season, just categorically, chronologically. And I wanted to teach them what I had learned from them.

But it's a lot of give and take anytime I'm trying to teach them, because I want to make sure that they understand. The message was clarity of purpose brings perspective. And the lessons that I have learned from them have brought so much clarity to who I need to be as a husband, who I need to be as a father, who I need to be, not necessarily as a coach, more so as a leader.

I've just been so inspired by how they have handled things that they couldn't control. And to be able to see all of it come to fruition has scarred my heart forever in a good way. And I think maybe because of my immaturity I wasn't as clear on some of the things that are most important, and these kids, slash, their parents, have taught me that. And so that was the lesson.

Q. Coach, how did you get your team motivated coming into this tournament after losing in a heartbreaker to Florida State in the ACC tournament?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: It wasn't hard. I don't have to do a lot of motivating. I don't say much prior to a game, particularly in the locker room that would be deemed motivational. I'm very linear in how I think. I understand that I function with emotion, but when it's time to work, I think I'm very linear. And so what I told our guys after we got beat by Florida State, I thought it was the best loss since we've been here.

I think Florida State is incredibly good. And I had written on the board that it would be a 45-minute game. I had written on the board the five things that we had to do in order to have a chance to win, and I remember telling them at the end of regulation, guys, you seem shocked that we're playing another five minutes. I knew it was going to be another five minutes because that's what it had been the previous week when we played at Florida State.

I don't have to motivate these guys. They want to play. More importantly, they want to do right. And similar to what Med said, they're workers by nature, and so I don't know if that answers your question, but it wasn't hard.

MODERATOR: Thanks, Coach. We'll end it there.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Jonathan, you guys had kind of that fast start in the second half, come out and take the lead. What went wrong after that? Why were they then able to put that run on you guys after that?
JONATHAN GALLOWAY: Well, yeah, like you said, we came out to a good start, but then they picked it up on defense. They made us uncomfortable, and we started to turn the ball over here and there. A couple of their guys started hitting shots. And we just weren't playing them, and they made it really hard for us overall.

Q. Can you guys just reflect on the historic season you guys had for UC Irvine and what it means to be the seniors of this incredible run, a team that's never made it past the first round of the tournament, and now competitors in the round of 32 and what this means moving forward for the UC Irvine community?
ROBERT CARTWRIGHT: I told the team just a few minutes ago how grateful I am and thankful how they embraced me this year and the coaching staff and everybody around the program. Obviously it hurts, and once the reality of the fact that our college career is over, it's going to hurt, but my heart is full.

I feel like we gave everything we had, and I know the final score isn't indicative of how hard we played tonight and our entire season, but looking back on it, we're extremely grateful that we've had this experience, and I know we believe we could have gone farther, but there's so much to look forward to in the future.

So many guys are going to be coming back, and we have so many great players that are going to continue to shine once we go, and Gallo has over his five years really laid a foundation for this program, and it's going to continue to grow, and I'm excited to see what the future holds.

JONATHAN GALLOWAY: Yeah, like Rob said pretty much, we just laid it all out there. And I know we didn't win tonight. But honestly, walking off that court, I can't even really be mad about it. Oregon is a great team, and they outplayed us tonight.

But overall, we had a great season. Everybody played their part, especially Rob and like my other seniors. Everybody did their part. And it was a really special group. We worked extremely hard for what we earned, and all that work throughout the season, in the summer, all that hard work paid off, and that's a good feeling to know that we made history with this group.

Q. Robert, this one is for you. Pritchard had another great game tonight. You played solid defense on him. How frustrating is it to play that kind of defense and have them hit shots late in the clock, and a couple of times he got in the lane and threw some lobs and hit a couple difficult shots?
ROBERT CARTWRIGHT: Well, I've known him since he came into the Pac-12. Obviously we've played against each other multiple times while I was at Stanford, and I know how good of a player he is, how crafty he is, and he's really been playing well as of late. And if he continues to play like that, Oregon is going to be extremely hard to beat, especially with the defense that they're playing.

I did the best I could to try to make it hard on him. He made a couple tough shots, and that's what really good players do. And, you know, some guys that we didn't expect maybe to make some shots did, and obviously that's frustrating, a bank shot at the end of the shot clock, down the stretch is a little deflating.

But, you know, like I said, they played well. All the credit to them and all the credit to him.

MODERATOR: Anything additional for Robert and Jonathan? Okay. Thank you, fellas. Questions for Coach Turner.

Q. That's a pretty good 12 seed that you played just in terms of their ability.
RUSSELL TURNER: Yeah. They are.

Q. And I know their length was a concern. But when you did a good job on the boards and then they hit all those threes, I mean, it's kind of a matter of picking what you need to stop among those things?
RUSSELL TURNER: Yeah, I mean, the way the game unfolded, you know, was rather similar to what happened I think last night against Kansas State. We got behind. It's hard to play against really good teams. We had to figure that out. And then we made a nice run to get right back in the game.

They're good. And they're confident right now. Their young players have gained experience this year. I feel like their coaching staff has done a great job emphasizing the defensive end with them. And so I think they draw confidence off of their defense, and that's what they did tonight. They came and attacked us. We knew that they were going to search for weaknesses, much like teams we've played before have.

They just have a special ability to try multiple different things with really, you know, impactful players to get you to make mistakes. And we made a few of those. We had crucial turnovers in several situations. 15 turnovers, but that doesn't count the times we went in and served layups up for them to speed up. Those were plays we were forced into because they sped us up. It's not easy to do that to my team. But credit to them, they did it.

And then when they did that on top of making 13 threes, you know, the game got away from us. I didn't envision them making 13 threes with the level of defense that we played, but they're shooting the ball with real confidence right now, and we were maybe a step late, or slow a couple of times, especially at the end of the shot clock. We thought that the game would come down to some end-of-the-shot-clock plays, and they made a lot of those defensive plays that we weren't able to finish.

The final score maybe is not indicative of the way the game went, but credit to them. They've worn teams down and separated recently from most of the teams they've played.

Q. Russ, you mentioned in your opening statement that you felt like you won, too, tonight. Can you maybe just tell us why you feel that way?
RUSSELL TURNER: You know, one of the things I learned coaching in the NBA is sometimes when you lose, you just have to act like you won, because you're going to lose. And there's some of that with the NCAA Tournament, you're going to lose, unless you're the one team that ends up at the top. And so while it's painful for our season to end because it's been such a great journey, it doesn't feel like we lost. It feels like, you know, kind of what we did this year was better than -- you know, it's like a cartoon or something, or a movie. Because all the guys bought in, embraced what we were trying to accomplish.

Started back when we took a trip to Korea like 45 games ago or something now. And we just continued to get better. And in doing that, I think there's just a real special bond that develops amongst the team. It flows from the team to the coaches and back and forth. We had that. I told the players in the locker room we had something that is really rare to experience at any level in team sports and any sport. So that feels awesome.

And to see the impact it's had, our team's success has had on the UC Irvine community, showed up out here and represented so well tonight is also really gratifying, feels like a win. I know we disappointed them by not winning tonight, but I know we thrilled them with our resilience in this game tonight and throughout this season. So I feel really good about all that.

Q. Russ, that second half run, how proud are you of that and how satisfying is that at least to take from this game? You obviously didn't go down quietly.
RUSSELL TURNER: Yeah. Well, we didn't expect that. We, like I said, had a similar experience against Kansas State. Got down 10 points at some point in that game and came back. We had shown the video to our guys prior to coming here to San Jose of our win at Texas A&M. And the first clip that came up we were down 14 in the second half in that game and came back then, way back in November.

So this team has that ability to continue to fight and believe and stay together. That's a special ability for a team to have. It's really a special ability also for a team to maintain throughout a long season like we've just experienced. But that's never gotten away from us. And that's a credit, really, to every person who's a part of it. And so that's great. I mean, that's -- I've coached a long time, a lot of teams. That's rare. It's unique almost. I knew we'd come back.

Q. Russ, first of all, congratulations on your season.
RUSSELL TURNER: Thank you.

Q. I wanted to mention that earlier. I've got two questions, two final questions. Jim Rome tweeted midway through the second half or more towards the later part of the second half that Oregon is the nastiest 12 seed that he's seen. I'm just wondering what your thoughts are for those teams that might face this Oregon team moving forward.
RUSSELL TURNER: I don't really want to comment too much about Oregon, if it's okay. I mean, they're an excellent team. They've earned what they've gotten. They're Pac-12 champions, and they're on a roll. I respect their players. I have incredible respect for their coach. He's one of the guys that I most admire and try to emulate in this business.

They're real. There's not any question about that. I mean, they did to us the same thing they did to Wisconsin, you know. So Wisconsin played them close for a while, and then Oregon pulled away. They're a difficult team to play against. They're well conditioned. That's something that stands out to me. They're really well conditioned. I think that's because Dana pushes his team so hard. He and I have that in common.

You know, they're good. They're really good, and they're a problem to play against because they're unusual. And with Payton Pritchard playing at the level he's playing, they're going to be a tough out. Whether he can maintain that, I don't know, but he was outstanding tonight. He was as good a guard in controlling that game as really he could have been for them. And then made clutch shots. The clutch shots that they made at the end of the shot clock were daggers. It's hard to overcome something like that for us. If they can play that way, yeah, I think they can beat any team.

Q. In the handshake line you were talking closely with Louis King. Can you share maybe what you were talking with him about?
RUSSELL TURNER: Yeah, I'll tell you. I was saying Double Team Queen to try to see if I could irritate him. And I did. And I kept talking to my team about what we wanted to do. We were calling him queen, because I knew it might irritate him, because of how important he is to their team, the queen in chess. It was a play on his name of King.

And it bothered him, started thinking about me, started thinking about Max. But he came back and finished the game really strong. And he'd had a thing or two to say to me during the game, and I wanted to let him know that what I'd done was out of respect.

Q. Was that early in the game when you called him that?
RUSSELL TURNER: In the first half they're right in front of us. So I got a voice. I can make the offensive team hear me. So I utilize my voice the best I can to help my team.

Q. Coach, I think it's safe to say that UC Irvine is now nationally well known. You made this team get on the map of college basketball, like you said before. Your team was probably looked as the little brothers of USC, UCLA, but at this point I don't think that's the case anymore, and can you just expand on that? And also, what are your hopes of topping an incredible season like this?
RUSSELL TURNER: Well, two-part question. I guess the first part, you know, I said what I said about -- about feeling like a little brother to the universities, as I mentioned, and maybe to their fans. That's a feeling that comes with the territory in athletics when you're trying to get established, when you're fighting and scratching and clawing to be respected. And so that's just been a little bit of our reality.

But our university has earned that respect. Our university is incredible now. In 51 maybe years of existence to see what our university has accomplished is really rare. And athletically what we would hope to do as a basketball program is match that level of excellence. And that level of excellence is really high. So we've tried to do our part, you know, in representing our university through our platform, men's basketball.

And this is a special platform. So we've made some progress, clearly, by being here again and by advancing in this tournament. I know we've brought great pride to the students of our university, to the alums of our university, to the faculty of our university, to the people who live in our community. And that's special. It's special to feel what we felt over the last week and even longer.

So that's I guess the answer to the first part. The second part, can we top it? Yes. I know we can. I don't know if we can top 31 and 6, because the record we had this year is really, really -- I don't even know how to describe 31 and 6 for a team like ours that's played four guarantee games, to do that just doesn't happen. Probably hasn't ever happened. So I don't know if we could top that.

But maybe we can get better, just as other programs have. I do think that we can get back to this position again and have a chance again to advance. But advancing in this tournament is hard because it's so competitive. So we'll have to continue to work at being better, try to be even better than we are now, which won't be easy. But I'm really looking forward to trying to continue to grow because I love the guys on my team. I love the type of people I get to recruit to UC Irvine because of the way they embrace the mission of our university, the academic challenge of our university, the demands that our program and our department in athletics puts on them to represent our place well. I like that. We can keep getting better.

MODERATOR: Great. Thanks, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Lovell, I asked you this in the locker room, but just how special was this type of season, school record 29 wins, first NCAA Tournament win, and to do it in a new conference that you guys were in?
LOVELL CABBIL, JR.: It was pretty special for us. Just the group of guys that we have on our team, they're amazing. Just to be around them and do life with them every day, it's a fun time every day, all day when we're with each other. So just throughout this entire journey from the offseason to this point, it was just a blast, and I'm really sad that it's coming to an end.

Q. Caleb, when you look back at the core of this team that's coming back, you lose leaders like Lovell, Keenan and Zach. When you look at this group that's coming back that has endured what you've endured through the tough freshman year, through the ups and downs of a conference season and then to be this high, how much does that set a foundation for what you guys can build upon during the offseason as motivation going into next year?
CALEB HOMESLEY: I think Lovell, Keenan and Zach did a good job this year, especially Lovell and Zach since they've been here so long. They were the ones that laid the foundation for us. It's sad for them to go, but I believe they've laid such a strong foundation that now we know what the expectation is.

Q. From your perspective, where are the biggest steps you see in this program, development from where you were back in 2015 to where you are now, 2019?
CALEB HOMESLEY: I would probably say the culture and the buy in. I think our buy in has been great. I think Coach McKay did a really good job of picking the right culture, and the group of guys we have are really bought in. And I think when you have guys that are bought in, they can go all the way.

Q. Darius, did you notice the type of culture that can really invest in the student-athlete and also promote success because of the way that you guys build on each day?
DARIUS McGHEE: Definitely. I think Lovell, Racks (phonetic), Caleb, Myo, like those four was my four go-tos whenever I was down, in a rut or anything, and I think they did a good job of giving me advice and pulling me along and taking me under their wing.

Q. Richie, you said when you were at UVA how you guys had to get guys two- and three-star guys who had five-star character and that really built the program of this team. These three guys and the guys in the locker room, the character of this group, how much has being able to develop those guys and find them really helped in getting this program to where it is today in such a short time?
RITCHIE McKAY: I think player development is part of every coaching staff's desire and philosophy. The difference, if you will, in our success is these guys own that responsibility. They're really hard working and very selfless, and I think the combination of that affords you an opportunity to play on a stage like this.

Q. When you look back at this season and the growth that this program has continuing on the upward trajectory, do you look back on it and say: I'm happy we went through this because of how much we were able to build for this program as the years go forward?
RITCHIE McKAY: Yeah. It's hard to get to the NCAA Tournament. I've coached a lot of years, and it's really hard to get here. There's only one team from our conference, the ASUN, that typically is going to get a bid, and it's a terrific conference. So as competitive as the regular season is, again, to be a participant and qualify for it I think is exceptional. And then the fact that we earned a 12 seed and won a game I think is also exceptional. So yeah. Does that answer your question?

MODERATOR: We're good. Okay. Thank you, gentlemen.

Q. Ehab, it was an incredible performance by you. You were cheerleading in the second half during that 14-0 run by UCI. Then you came into the game. What was it? What spark did you give that team? I don't think you missed from three. I think you hit four of four?
EHAB AMIN: Just giving my teammates some energy and being vocal and making sure to stay in the game. Coach had been telling us it was going to be up and down and stay together. We're up five, we're down five, up 10, down 10, just stay together and fight it out.

And I think when I came in, they made the run, so I thought it was our time to make a run. So just try to be vocal as much as I can and bring the energy and try to be all over.

Q. Payton, how were you guys able to turn that around? Just the energy? What was going on?
PAYTON PRITCHARD: Like what they said. Ehab came in and brought great energy. He broke the ice for us on that three ball he hit. It kind of just boosted our confidence a little bit. And we brought more energy on defense. But it's really because we got five straight stops and kind of turned that game around. They were hot. But once we got those stops, the tide started to change there.

Q. Kenny had seven blocks, two alley-oop dunks. He's now got 11 blocks in the last two games. Five dunks. What's it like to be out there with him?
PAYTON PRITCHARD: Kenny is a special talent. For somebody to jump like that and go block shots and go catch lobs, I mean, it helps me a lot. It helps everybody on this team. Just feel like somebody's a safety net back there for you. So we can't thank him enough for what he's been doing, and hopefully he just keeps on doing it in this next game.

Q. Payton, we talk a lot about the turnaround you guys have made this year. Does it surprise you, the team that left LA a month ago and now you're going to Sweet 16? How do you explain that?
PAYTON PRITCHARD: I feel like I've been getting that question a lot. I can't really put my finger on it, but we were really low. We were at a low point against USC and just, you know, we were dead in the water. Either the season was going to be over at that point or we're going to change it and see what we could make happen.

And, I mean, it just shows this season and this team were resilient, and I think it goes to show in this game they fought back and came back, and we could have been dead in the water again, but we're resilient. And just credit to this team and what we're capable of doing.

Q. Ehab, we talked the other day, I think you played four minutes in the second half the other day. What was the process coming into a game like this knowing, hey, maybe it's a game you don't get off the bench much but then keeping yourself ready to make the kind of impact you had?
EHAB AMIN: I think that's the key to our run of success lately, just everybody knowing the role and knowing they gotta stay ready and be ready once their name is called. And even if it's not, you just stay positive and cheering for your teammates, and they delivered. And I can't emphasize enough how fun it is to play with my teammates and brothers right now. And this run has been incredible, and I'm grateful for each one of them, and it's so much fun having to do with them.

Q. Obviously you just wrapped up here, but early impressions on playing Virginia in the next round, for either of you guys?
PAYTON PRITCHARD: I mean, they're a great team. Got a lot of great talent. Really, we're just looking forward to the matchup and competing for 40 minutes. That's what we play basketball for. So it's a great team, and we're just looking forward to it.

Q. Ehab, what does it mean for you guys, third time in four years of going to Sweet 16? Is this a little bit -- maybe to use the word sweeter, given the fact you guys were a double-digit seed going into the next round?
PAYTON PRITCHARD: No. It's always sweet making the Sweet 16. I mean, we're very pleased. We're not satisfied yet. We don't want to just go to Sweet 16 and lay an egg. We'll go in and fight. We're happy with making Sweet 16, but we want more. We don't play basketball just to make two rounds. We play to win it all.

EHAB AMIN: Yeah, I think our ceiling is really high right now, especially we found what we're good at and how dangerous we can be on the defensive end, and especially with Payton handling the ball and him and Will and everybody finding the roles. Lou is really dangerous, Paul is really dangerous. They've been really consistent for us lately, in double digits almost every game.

I think we can be really dangerous. That's what we all came here for, the Elite Eight, Final Four runs back-to-back years, and we came here for this reason, to make the NCAA Tournament and make a deep run and hopefully win a National Championship.

Q. Payton, in the second half, the shot clock was coming down, and you hit some key threes. Was this just one of those games where you felt it tonight? I mean, I don't even think you hit the rim. You hit net I think every time you threw it up.
PAYTON PRITCHARD: You know, I feel like one of them had to go in. I mean, in the first half I might have air balled two 15-footers. I was short. You know, my shots, they were open, but I was really short on them. So on those two I just kind of just relaxed and just let them fly. At the end of the shot clock you got no pressure. You just gotta let it go, so it felt good and it went in for me.

MODERATOR: All right. We'll excuse Payton and Ehab and we'll open it up for Coach.

Q. Congratulations on the win, Coach. Moving on to the Sweet 16. I bet it feels amazing. I just have a question. What is it with you guys and second halves in the NCAA Tournament? First Wisconsin, you went on that crazy run in the second half, and now against UC Irvine, another crazy run.
DANA ALTMAN: Well, except for that first seven minutes, bud. But we did play well the last 13 minutes. Once we got a couple of baskets, our energy level went way up. Ehab had some key steals, and then we just started bouncing around again. But we were stuck in the mud. I put them to sleep at halftime with my speech, I think, and we were really struggling there to start the second half.

And when they took the lead, we were very fortunate that we got a couple shots to fall there, because I could feel us tighten up. I was trying not to lose my composure, but I could feel us tightening up there a little bit. So E's three and then Lou's three really got us going again.

Q. Can you just sort of sum up the way your season. You looked dead in the water, as Payton said, back in February, looked that way for the first seven minutes in the second half. And then when things click, you guys showed what you can do? Is that sort of how the season's been?
DANA ALTMAN: Yeah, we've been up and down this year. And I really credit the players for staying with it, you know, because they could have gave into it at any time. I mean, bad losses, and I'm getting into practice and barking at them and trying to drive them a little bit to get them better. When you're facing that, it's easy to kind of give into it. So I'm really proud of the way they just kept fighting and stayed with it.

And you know, the second thing, and I -- everybody has injuries, but we -- Lou didn't play the first nine games, and then Bol gets hurt and then Kenny breaks his jaw. So you can imagine, you know, you just watched Kenny. We lost three games, home games without him because we didn't have any rim protection. And then we get Kenny back and Paul sprains his ankle and is ineffective for three weeks.

We are healthy now, so to give the guys that, they are healthy now and they're playing really well together. But, again, they could have given into it at any time, and they didn't. And so I'm really happy for them that they've been able to do this. I'm really pleased with their effort, their fight, and they're so together right now. V.J. and Miles didn't get to play much tonight, but they were in there, and, hey, it was just might be my turn next time. And that's when you know you got a team that's really thinking about one thing, and that's being the best and finding a way to win a game.

Q. I got two for you. One, just early impressions on Virginia and the matchup there.
DANA ALTMAN: You know, we don't get to watch them much because their games come on like at 4:00, and we're still practicing, working. So we really don't get to see the ACC that much because their games come on so early. I have seen them a couple of times. I didn't get a chance to see them play Oklahoma today. But I know they're really talented. And Tony, obviously what they've accomplished and their record in the ACC is off the charts.

So we're going to have to play really well. They're big. They're physical. They don't make mistakes. They're not going to beat themselves. But we've got a puncher's chance, and we'll go swing away and see what happens.

Q. And the second one, your women's team also won today to go to the Sweet 16 as well. What is the dynamic like between the two teams, staffs, all that?
DANA ALTMAN: Oh, they're great. Our women's team, Sabrina, Ruthie, those girls have been around. They've been to the Final Eight the last two years, and Kelly is a great guy. We share a gym. We share a practice facility, and they're so easy to work with. And I couldn't be happier for them. Those girls, they are top notch. I mean, they speak -- every time I see them downstairs, and when we were struggling, they were always trying to pick our guys up and pick us up. It's just a great group of gals, and they're a good team. They know what they want to do on every possession, and they're very skilled. They're a good basketball team.

Q. You talked a little bit about Kenny's rim protection. How does that free up everyone defensively, knowing that he's back there? And he had a couple blocks during that drought that you guys were in in the second half, otherwise it could have been --
DANA ALTMAN: Yeah, no. We were able to challenge three-point shooters a lot harder, because if they do get by us, he's there to clean some things up. We can rotate a little bit with more confidence and take a few more chances.

The difference in the game was the points off turnovers, 25 to 10. I mean, that was the difference in the game. And so he allows us to be aggressive defensively. Very similar to what Jordan Bell used to do for us when we really had it going a couple years ago.

So he's a big part. And when he's aggressive -- every now and then he's not aggressive. He hasn't played a lot of basketball, so sometimes he gets caught flat footed. But when he gets a basket down and he feels good, he's really active and really changes our look, no doubt about it.

Q. Coach, I have two for you. Yesterday we talked about defense and running their three-point shooters off the line. Was that key tonight? I think they were still 1 of 7 deep in the second half.
DANA ALTMAN: Yeah. We made two mistakes, we gave them wide-open ones to start the second half. We had a bad rotation there and got a wide-open three up top. And then we left Max, the ball went in the post and somebody turned their head and they kicked it right back. That was the one we weren't going to give up tonight, and we gave that one up late.

No, I thought the guys really were aware, ran them off the line. You'll have to look at the film, but I just don't think we gave them a lot of open looks. I remember those two, but I don't remember a lot of other ones that we gave up.

Q. Two years ago we were in Kansas City. This is probably a difficult question for you to answer, but the two teams, how different are they, the Jordan Bell team to this team? Can you maybe put that into words about how different or how maybe similar they are?
DANA ALTMAN: Oh, they're really different. That group had been together. You know, Jordan, Dillon Brooks, Casey Benson, Chris Boucher. Those guys have been together three, two years. The only guy we were blending into that team was Payton. The rest of the guys had been there with us. So we had a more experienced team. If we wouldn't have lost Chris, you never know what would have happened. But that was just a more experienced group that won 33 games. They were tough all year.

This group, you know, it's different. But with Payton playing as well as he is and Kenny cleaning up some things, Lou hitting shots, Paul's been steady for us. Will's been good off the bench. Ehab gave us tremendous lift. You know, the pieces are starting to fall together. Francis is giving us some rebounds. I know V.J. and Miles can still come in and give us some minutes. We got nine guys that can give us some help. They waited till late to come together, but I'm sure happy they did, and they're sure happy they did. They're having some fun finally, and it's good to see.

MODERATOR: Looks like we'll end it there. Thanks, coach.

DANA ALTMAN: All righty, thanks.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

ASAP sports

Q. Coach, kind of along that same line, how difficult is it to flip that switch and scout a team like that in such a short period of time? You do it at the Pac-12, but you've seen those teams before. How do you do it in this position?
DANA ALTMAN: Well, we've had a couple of coaching assistants working on the games, the possibility of playing Kansas State and Irvine. You know, we went to work on those teams, just in case we were in this position.

So Kevin and I worked on getting ready for Wisconsin, and then the other coaches were working on, you know. And so now it's just getting ready for them. We had a lot of information, a lot of tape ready to go, and the scouting report was ready to go. It's just now getting it across to the team, you know? Doesn't matter whether I know it or the assistant coaches know it, it's how much our guys know.

So you go back to what you believe is a defensive philosophy, a rebounding philosophy. You try to apply those things, you know, shots that we can't give up, shots that'll get us beat. So we talked to them about those types things and their offensive sets to try to get those shots.

So I think they'll be ready. One thing about playing in the Pac-12, you play a lot of Thursday-Saturdays, Thursday-Sundays. So you're used to the one day off. So the Friday-Sunday doesn't bother us. We're used to having a day to get ready for the next opponent, and in that regard I think our routine throughout the season helps us.

Q. Speaking of the Pac-12, is there a team in the Pac-12 that reminds you of Irvine or that Irvine reminds you of?
DANA ALTMAN: You know, not really. Back a few years ago Arizona used to play the big guys and really try to beat you up in the lane, and defensively when you drove it, everybody collapsed. So going back to some of those good Arizona teams, you know, I think that's a little bit of simulator. They shoot the three well. They're a little slower paced than teams in our league. I guess going back a few years some of those Arizona teams that were big and physical. Four guys they rotated inside. They're physical. They try beating you up. That's why they're a plus seven on the boards and why they don't give up anything in the paint. They're not afraid of foul trouble. They're not afraid to be aggressive.

Q. Dana, we were talking earlier about how fun this tournament is because of all the Cinderella stories, you know, the underdogs or the mid-majors. But this doesn't necessarily seem like a Cinderella team that you're going to be facing. As you said, it's a team that's won 31 games. I asked the guys, does it seem like a Cinderella matchup to you or to the team?
DANA ALTMAN: You know, I haven't talked to the team about it, so I don't know how they feel about it. But I don't. I look at their ball club, and it reminds me of some of our good Creighton teams back when we were in the Valley. We never thought of ourselves as Cinderellas or underdogs, and I'm sure they don't either.

So they don't think of themselves as Cinderella, and I sure don't. Again, I haven't discussed it with the team, you know, so I have no idea what they're thinking. But as a coaching staff, we definitely don't. They're a big, physical team. Kansas State, you know, they're Big 12 co-champs. And if you watch the two teams, you don't see any physical difference in the teams. Didn't look like Cinderella or Goliath, you know, David and Goliath. It looked like two good basketball teams.

So their athleticism is good. Their depth is good. Again, they're playing guys that are older, red-shirted. So we've got four freshmen that we're trying to play, and so it's kind of a different makeup of our team compared to theirs. Theirs is an old physical team, and ours is kind of a young team that's trying to figure things out yet.

Q. Coach, I know you're not on Twitter personally, but Jim Leavitt, Oregon's former defensive coordinator, had some well wishes for you yesterday, called you a great friend. Even though he's not connected to the university anymore, you still have the support of a fellow coach?
DANA ALTMAN: Well, we probably should have talked to Jim about our defense earlier in the year. But, no, he's a good friend. We've known each other for 30 years. Our relationship goes back to '89, '90, when he came to Kansas State. So I've known him for 30 years. So that's the great thing.

We even had some K-State people cheering for us last night. I was there a long time ago, went there in '86 and spent seven years there. Two of my children were born in Manhattan, so a lot of good memories.

But, no, I appreciate everybody who's -- we've had a lot of people reach out, a lot of people know how frustrated we were throughout the year. It wasn't going quite as planned, but it is sure good to have everybody on our side now that we're playing a little bit better.

Q. Dana, you talked the other day about teams that shoot well behind the arc and running them off the line. This is a team, UC Irvine, that can shoot well from the three. I think they got three guys that shoot pretty well. How do you defend that and still rim protect at the same time?
DANA ALTMAN: Well, we're probably not going to ask Kenny to get out there too often. We've had a little problem when teams have really spread us out. But, you know, we can't let Hazzard get going. He's proven when he gets going, he's a handful. And their other three point shooters are consistent, too.

They actually have five guys that we're kind of concerned about. So we're going to have to do a good job of locating those shooters. They're going to hit some, but we just can't give up uncontested ones. If they hit contested threes, that's just part of the game.

And there are some nights when teams are throwing it in and not a darn thing you can do about it. But we just can't give up easy ones or ones that they consistently get in their offense.

So when you're watching film as a coach and you see a player getting a shot consistently and knocking that shot down, those are the ones you show your team and say, fellas, we can give up this one, but this one's gonna hurt us. And hopefully in a day our guys understand that and we don't give up too many of those looks.

MODERATOR: Anything additional? Looks like we're good.

Q. Has it sunk in that the season has kind of come full circle; that you started the year playing these guys in a preseason exhibition, and now here you are all these months later and you're going to meet now in a game with much bigger stakes tomorrow in the NCAA Tournament?
NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: Not really. It was a good experience. It was for a good cause, for hurricane relief. We're glad that we can use our platform to do such a big thing for the people that suffered from that tragedy.

But it's good that we have a scout, someone that we already played. So we're not trying to learn about a team in 24 hours, where we kind of have a good feel for them. So I think that'll help.

WABISSA BEDE: Like Nickeil said, it was a good cause for hurricane relief. And the biggest thing is we don't have a big enough scout because it's a huge turnaround. We wish we did, but we're now going to be following the scouting report that Coach gives us, and we're going to execute it.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: At this point in the season we're both completely different teams, so that game might not even matter as much. But we're excited to be at this stage and have the opportunity to extend our season.

Q. Evan was pretty excited yesterday finally getting that first NCAA Tournament win in a while there. How has the mindset shifted now in terms of you want to make it to Sweet 16? Are you still riding high from yesterday, or has the mindset changed?
NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: You never want to be complacent, but always thankful for the moment. I'm grateful, but I can't go back to yesterday, and it's kind of moving forward. And you want to keep going. You never want the season to end short. I love my teammates, my seniors as well. And so as long as I get to play with them, that's what I'm trying to do, and I'm trying to keep the season going.

Q. You guys took the suspense out of that game last night really early. You jumped on Saint Louis really early. I don't know how much of the other games you got to see, but you saw a lot of upsets early. Did any of that -- is that something you all talked about or noticed; that the underdogs kind of got the upper hand all throughout the day until you guys stepped on the floor?
WABISSA BEDE: We just didn't want that to happen to us. We all were talking about it. The seniors, especially Ahmed Hill, was talking about the goal was to fight, keep fighting, and we didn't want that happening to us. He just wanted us to play hard and be like a dog throughout the whole game and don't let up.

Q. Nickeil, you were talking last night about the fact that it'll be cool to be in San Jose and see a bunch of fans from Liberty and a bunch of fans from Virginia Tech and how it'll feel like a game in Virginia. For any of you guys, I know none of you are from the state of Virginia, but this will be the first time in the history of a tournament that two teams in the state of Virginia have played each other. Does that kind of add another odd element to this matchup, where it's sort of an odd setup and odd meeting to be on the opposite coast and play this game where it has such a Virginia-centric feel to it?
NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: I think it's cool. Like you said, that's the first time I even heard that. I didn't know. It's kind of funny how many statistics there are in this world. But just to know that we get the chance to have the opportunity to play in the first game ever. And you kind of want to have the bragging rights, per se, or the upper hand to say that you won that first game.

And it's just about focus. We can control who we are and what we do. We can't control where it is, who it's against. But just as much as what we're doing to win the game is what's more important.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: For me personally, I think there's so much history on the line for this game that I guess that just adds to the back. We're just excited to be able to be here, extend our season, play with this group of guys one more time. This group of guys won't be together after this season. So I think that's what's most exciting for us, and I think it's a big game.

Q. I know how much you guys have started talking about Liberty and tomorrow and looking back at the exhibition game, but is there anything you thought you did pretty well in the game in November that you kind of want to bottle and do again tomorrow?
NICKEIL ALEXANDER-WALKER: I don't remember it too vividly. So, I mean, we won, so I think we defended well. But it was our first really like actual setting with referees in a game and an away crowd. And so I think now it's a whole different team. Everyone's grown so much as players, and talent-wise, discipline-wise, maturity-wise. So I think that it was a good test for us early in the season.

But that chapter is closed and it's a new season, and we're embarking on a new chapter. So I feel that everything, like K.J. said, has kind of gone out the window. It's March. As you see, upsets can happen at any time. So what you did before kind of doesn't matter anymore. It's win or go home. And that's how it is.

MODERATOR: Anything additional? Sounds like we're good. Thank you, gentlemen.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports
Q. Robert, this team back in August, you guys went to Korea. Do you think that trip, what happened on that trip, has had any effect now, what's happening now in terms of bonding and all that? And what was your favorite moment or memory of that trip?
ROBERT CARTWRIGHT: Yeah, I think it definitely played a big role in the camaraderie that was built with our team. I think one of the strengths of our team is how close we are individually and collectively. And that's allowed us to win tight games, believe in each other. We know we can look at the guy on our left and our right and know that we have each other's back.

But for the trip for me, I'm a half Korean, so the fact I was able to go there for the first time was very special personally. My mother and brother were able to be there, and that was really special for all of us. And just being able to play the games was really the first few weeks I was able to be with the team since I came over. Just the fact that I was able to get some run with these guys was great, and it's definitely been very beneficial in our progress early in the season to now.

Q. Max, Coach was talking yesterday about Irvine is always in the shadow of USC and UCLA down there. Does this feel like a chance to break out of that shadow?
MAX HAZZARD: Yeah. We definitely have the opportunity to do that and kind of have done that at this point. At the same time, we're not getting caught up of UCLA and USC. Just want to focus on what UC Irvine can do, and we got a chance to go Sweet 16 which a lot of people didn't expect. We had big goals set out in mind since training camp. So we're definitely excited for the opportunity.

EVAN LEONARD: Yeah, just like he said, we're not focused on USC, UCLA. We're focusing on Oregon. That's our next game. We're focusing on where we're at right now and where we're trying to be.

Q. Robert, how difficult of a turnaround is it for you guys to flip the switch to Oregon and learn about their length and their athletic ability? Is it really difficult for you guys to scout in that 24-hour period?
ROBERT CARTWRIGHT: Yes and no. I mean, that's the good thing about the college season is you have to do that game to game, and we've had tournament experience. We've had completely different teams that we've had to scout and play back to backs or with a 24-hour window. But we maintain the same level of preparation for every game throughout the season, and we're not going to change now.

But Oregon is obviously a very good team. We know that they're doing a heck of a job defensively, made it really tough on teams, held teams to very low scores. So we know we're going to have to execute and play as good of a game if not the best game we played all year to beat them. We believe we can, and we're going to prepare all today and tomorrow to get ready for that.

Q. Max, the last few years, you had a bunch of different teams go from lower seeds to the Final Four, Loyola last year being the latest. Do you guys think you have the ingredients to make that kind of run?
MAX HAZZARD: I mean, obviously that would be amazing, but we're just focused on this next game. And if we can make a deep run, obviously that is a goal and that's something that everybody in the program and staff and team would love to do. But like I said before, we're just focused on this next 40 minutes and just taking it one game at a time, one possession at a time, and see what we can do.

Q. Is there a team that you've played this year that has a lot of similarities to Oregon, anything you've used to prepare yourself for this game?
SPENCER RIVERS: I would say -- well, the coaches have been saying a little bit like a team in our league, Cal Poly. Obviously they're not as skilled as Oregon is at all, but they kind of play the same matchup zone. That's similar to what we'll face tomorrow. So we've been kind of looking at film like that and expecting switching defenses and focusing on what we do on offense to execute.

Q. Elston, interested in your scouting report on Oregon, what you've seen from the Ducks in the last 24 hours you guys have scouted them.
ELSTON JONES: Not much so far. They're a long, athletic team. So we just gotta play smart, play disciplined on offense. That's pretty much so far. We just looked at that, looked at the athleticism and their ball pressure.

Q. Evan and Max, your defense is second in the country in two-point field goal percentage. Why is your defense so successful? What do you guys do well to accomplish that?
EVAN LEONARD: Yeah, I just feel like we definitely come up with good game plans, our coaching staff. I feel like we just have a lot of good guards on the team, a lot of good bigs, and we're able to play well together. And like I said, the guys that we have are able to just make the game plan that the coaches have, able to just make it come together.

Q. Max, how many text messages did you get yesterday, and how cool is -- part of this experience is just you guys don't get a lot of attention, you don't get a chance to face us a whole lot. How much do you appreciate or how much do you enjoy just being able to get a chance to talk and kind of sell yourself and the program?
MAX HAZZARD: It definitely still feels somewhat surreal. I haven't really even gotten to respond to all the texts yet, and all the media attention is definitely really cool, something I guess we all would have dreamed of and just dreaming of playing in the NCAA Tournament.

But to be able to get a win and put ourselves in position to get another one and potentially go to the Sweet 16 is pretty cool, and definitely putting on for our school and families and all our friends and families back home, definitely cool. We're going to see how long we can keep playing.

Q. This is for any of the guys. Several of you guys can answer this. So much is made of the Cinderella teams in this tournament every single year, and I guess UC Irvine could be looked at as this year's Cinderella. Do you guys feel like the Cinderella team, or do you feel differently about that?
ROBERT CARTWRIGHT: No, we don't really look at ourselves like that. Obviously as a 13 seed, not many people projected us to win as maybe the fourth seed. But we believe in ourselves, and we looked at our matchup against Kansas State and believed we had a really good chance to win. And we look at the matchup against Oregon as another team that we're going to have to play very well, but we have a chance to win as well.

And however the media wants to portray us, but we're a 31 and 5 teams that's played against high-level competition all year, and we've had great road victories throughout the season. And we don't see ourselves that way. But we understand that might come with our seeding. But we look at ourselves as a high-level team that can compete with pretty much anybody, and that's what we're going to continue to show hopefully throughout the rest of the season.

SPENCER RIVERS: I think from the outside looking in, I think a lot of people are shocked that we're here, but, I mean, since the beginning of the year, like Max said in training camp, our coaches said that we're not going to be satisfied with just being in the tournament or making it to the tournament. We believe that we can advance. So for us this has been a goal all year long, not only to make it, but to advance.

MODERATOR: Sounds like we're good. Thanks, fellas.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Congratulations.
RITCHIE MCKAY: Thank you.

Q. In early November you were there side by side with Buzz in the post-game press conference talking about how long you guys had known each other and all that. Have you had a chance to kind of sink in and reflect and now you're going to be the two teams, two coaches, on the same court in the NCAA Tournament tomorrow?
RITCHIE MCKAY: I never really thought about it. When we had won the ASUN championship against a really good Lipscomb team in Nashville and I started looked at some of the bracketologists, there were a couple of them, including Joe Lunardi, that said we might play Virginia Tech. And I think Buzz and I had one conversation during the week that was unrelated to that. And I started asking, if we play you, do we need to change our calls, because they'll have every single call. He's got 76 people on his staff, and I'm sure -- no, just kidding.

But I have the utmost respect for Buzz Williams. Not just as a coach. He's a really, really good coach. Like the stuff they run offensively is nightmares to prepare for.

I was back at the hotel probably 10:30 and started watching film, and I finally gave up about 2:00 something. Like no way to prepare for all that stuff.

But Buzz is also a wonderful person. Not many people know all the things that he does for people. And I hope he doesn't mind me sharing, but I know a few coaches who have lost their jobs during this time of year, and Buzz just loves on them. Like he'll fly them into Blacksburg or to the ACC Tournament, pay all their expenses, bring their children. And he never, ever talks about it. But I know four of them that he's done that for, and he does it out of his own pocket. He's an exceptional person. I really, really like him. But I want to beat him.

Q. Coach, you said you were watching film about 10:30 last night back at the hotel room. Did you permit yourself a chance to enjoy this? Did you do anything to celebrate the school's first tournament win?
RITCHIE MCKAY: Not really. I'm very competitive, so, I mean, it was nice enjoying it after the game with the guys, the celebration in the locker room. And once I started the Virginia Tech stuff, I didn't stop much. So, yeah, I enjoyed it. I had a lot of text messages that I tried to reply to most. If I haven't gotten to them, I apologize, if you're listening to this press conference.

But I'm obviously excited. This is the most enjoyable time of year for coaches and players. And don't get me wrong, I'm competitive and want to prepare for Tech the best I can, but I also know this is a great privilege and honor that we have it.

Q. Is there anybody that you heard from in particular that you didn't expect to hear from, text messages?
RITCHIE MCKAY: Like I had over 300-and-something messages. A few people I hadn't heard from in a while. And they're not on my text chain, so that means I probably haven't heard from them since I got my new phone, which is about 10 months ago. But I think sometimes when you have the national spotlight and you've been in it as long as I have, you hear from really good people. So I'm very flattered by that.

Q. You spoke last night a lot about Caleb, but for an offense that is as unselfish -- or a team that's as unselfish as this one, for Caleb to put up 30 points is a rarity. As you've had time to look back at it, how special was the night that he had to put this team on his back and get this team to the 2nd round?
RITCHIE MCKAY: Yeah, I just think he was cooking. He felt it. I think when he got fouled with whatever, however much time was left, and we were down 10 and he went to the line and made three, just seeing the ball in consistently, I think, usually lends for heightened sense of the rim being bigger. And it seemed like for Caleb it was like that.

But, again, the guys that were on the floor with him at the same time did I thought yeoman's work in trying to get him some good looks, and they really had the spirit of execution down the stretch. But Caleb is terrific. Again, he's a multi-tool player offensively. And he's not just a scorer. But he knew we needed him to score last night, and he did a great job.

Q. You've been scouting them. What did you see out of Justin Robinson in his first game back last night, and how does his presence change what they do?
RITCHIE MCKAY: 5 is special. He's a tremendous player. I think he's a pro. He's got unbelievable vision. What he brings to Virginia Tech is a heightened sense of confidence. Obviously he'll probably have to shake off some rust, but he's a terrific player. He's one of the best guards that we've faced all year. And we've faced some really good ones. So I expect him to have a major impact on the game.

Q. Coach, this is similar to Mark's questions, but back in 2015 I think Tech and Liberty combined for four conference wins and 46 losses. Now that you guys are going to play in the Sweet 16, do you see some similarities in the way -- the trajectory of the two schools and the way that you've tried to build things in Lynchburg and the way Buzz has done things in Blacksburg?
RITCHIE MCKAY: If I'm compared to Buzz as a coach, that's a compliment. But if you know Buzz, he's so eccentric. Like he's -- he's different. And I mean that in a positive way. I actually have so much respect for the type of program that he's built. I went up there I want to say about nine months ago and just spent about a half a day with him. And like his mind thinks way differently. The stuff he does, the journalling, like he's a master at it.

So do I think there's some similarities there? I think both programs are invested in the pursuit of excellence. I think both administrations really support our basketball programs and have given us or afforded us the opportunity and the resources to build a program. And I think they have a different type of player than we do. But I think we both recruit to our systems.

Q. I didn't realize you were serious yesterday about In-N-Out Burger, and I was hoping you could tell us about the trip and its place in Liberty history.
RITCHIE MCKAY: (Laughs.) I didn't go to In-N-Out Burger. The players did. They dropped us off at the hotel. When you are my weight and my body fat, you get exempted from opportunities like that. But I think the players enjoyed it, and yeah, it was good. They need to have a little fun once in a while.

Q. And what did you end up eating?
RITCHIE MCKAY: I think I had a bar, a snack bar from -- it might have been from the locker room in there. I just, yeah, try not to eat too late. Yeah. I ate a lot this morning.

Q. In a quick-turnaround game like this, is it helpful that you had that experience of playing them in November in the exhibition game, or is it so long ago that you can't remember anything from that?
RITCHIE MCKAY: It might be helpful from the standpoint we know their personnel and we've seen them before. But they're way different than they were in November. He didn't even have any offense in in November. Now he's got 172 plays in. So, yeah, way different.

But we're different. And I think we've improved. We've played in a really competitive league against some really well-coached teams, especially Lipscomb. Like I think they won today in the NIT. So I think we're different and we're a little better.

Q. Coach, again, congratulations --
RITCHIE MCKAY: Thank you.

Q. -- for making it to the round of 32. Spending some time talking to some of your players, they all have unique stories, and they all talk about the impact that you've had on them not only as a coach, but also as a player -- I mean as a -- for them. What do you feel is the biggest impact you think you've left on your players and the run that they've made so far?
RITCHIE MCKAY: Thank you for your compliment. I think for me having left Liberty the first time and going to Virginia, I think it was really healthy for my person, and I got back to being a transformational coach instead of a transactional coach. So now I'm way more invested in the individual. Not to say I was bad. I'm just more intentional about it now. And that's because of Christ in me, not because of any great thing that I do.

So I really care for them, and I think we have created a group of people that lead our program and our assistant coaches and support staff, our administration, I think our university is like this, that we want their best interests. And we have their best interests at heart.

I said this yesterday. I think when you're not outcome based but you're process or pursuant of just getting better as a person, I think that frees you up to be able to fail and still be unconditionally loved.

Q. At the charity game you guys did in November, Buzz shared that he did not always like you, apparently.
RITCHIE MCKAY: (Laughs.)

Q. And that as a young assistant he had some choice words for you during a game once. I was just curious from your perspective how that relationship has evolved over time.
RITCHIE MCKAY: Well, Buzz was really immature. (Laughs.) Yeah, we let our competitive nature get the best of us in the moment.

But I just told someone in another interview that he then invited me some -- I don't know how many years later on his plane when he was going from the Peach Jam in Atlanta or Augusta, Georgia, to an event in Milwaukee. And I was scheduled to fly the next morning and I had to stop somewhere to get back there. I was going to miss a half a day of the games. He said, Why don't you jump on the plane with me? And I was a little hesitant. What kind of plane is this? Make sure I checked for the eject switch. But we spent probably two, two and a half hours on a plane, and I was like, man, I have so misread the cover of this book, because he's special.

And we've gotten to know each other fairly well, and I think a lot of Buzz Williams and his family. I think they're tremendous people.

Q. To follow up, Richie, on what you said about your team being different from back in early November in the exhibition game, how has this team evolved since then and are there some different qualities that can help you beat the Hokies tomorrow?
RITCHIE MCKAY: Well, true with every team that is committed to the pack, we're better defensively. Justin Robinson -- I'm sorry, 5 is a hard equation to solve, but so was Peters last night for Mississippi State. Without giving up our game plan, I just think we're a program that tries to stay in our line.

And offensively we do some things that we try and take advantages of the way defenses play us, and then defensively we try and -- I'm not going to go Buzz Williams on you and tell you how many paint touches or how many box touches that you need. He's way too eccentric and smart. But I do think if we're able to take some good shots and take care of the ball, and then defensively if we can make them earn, I think hopefully we can have a chance.

Q. How much are you looking for Scottie to have a bounceback game after he seemed he was somewhat out of it with what Mississippi State was able to do with their length and affect the shots?
RITCHIE MCKAY: I never worry about Scottie. I've seen him every day now for three years. He is a phenomenal player. Again, I don't equate his impact on our game on his statistics. He didn't have a usual Scottie James night, but I have every bit of confidence that that could change the next time we put the uniform on.

MODERATOR: Anything additional? Looks like we're good. All right. Thanks, Coach.

RITCHIE MCKAY: Thank you guys.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Could you guys just share what the last 24 hours have been like since getting the school's first win in history?
ELIJAH CUFFEE: I mean, I thought it was a fun experience. Can't really describe it. I mean, it was just out there having fun playing basketball for me.

MYO BAXTER-BELL: It's been a great experience. A lot of support from our family and fans here. So it's been great to do this for our university and kind of bring something back to Lynchburg. It's been great.

GEORGIE PACHECO-ORTIZ: Like they said, a lot of support for our school and family and friends.

Q. What do you guys remember about the exhibition game from earlier this year against Virginia Tech? How did that go for you guys?
MYO BAXTER-BELL: It was a good game. I remember, I mean we had some stuff that we could do -- we need to get better at. But it was a great experience for us as far as that's our next opponent. So we're excited that we get to have a chance to play them again. So we learned a lot about ourselves and about them.

Q. Guys, you were just asked about the exhibition game. Georgie, I guess for you, obviously it was a special moment for you with hurricane funds being raised, but is there anything that you can really take from that game being that it was that long ago as far as an Xs and Os thing, or how much better is this team since then?
GEORGIE PACHECO-ORTIZ: Yeah, I think that was our first -- kind of our first game playing together as a team. And I think we have gone through the season as the season goes along, so we learned from each other a lot, and we learned from that game, and I think, as you guys know, we got better throughout the season. And this is an opportunity for us to get better, tomorrow's game, and try to do what we didn't do at the exhibition game.

Q. How was the trip to In-N-Out Burger?
MYO BAXTER-BELL: That's always good. Big burger guy.

Q. What did you get?
MYO BAXTER-BELL: Double Double. Yeah. (Laughs.)

Q. Myo, describe that experience last night and what you were able to do to go out there and make yourself so effective from both ends of the floor.
MYO BAXTER-BELL: I mean, coming off the bench you get to see what the team is like and you get to see what you need to bring to the table or bring to the team to help us get over that hump. And like I said, Scottie didn't get off to as good of start as he wanted to, but like I said, that's what you have teammates for. He's a really good player and he has really good games, and he scores a lot of our points for us.

So I was glad I was able to come in and give us the lift that we needed to get over that hump so that we could come out and be successful.

Q. Georgie, what's it mean for you to be representing Puerto Rico as a player in this tournament?
GEORGIE PACHECO-ORTIZ: It means a lot, just because it's a lot of athletes from Puerto Rico, born and raised from Puerto Rico, and they don't have these opportunities just to be able to play in a tournament like this. It's pretty big. So it means a lot so I can serve as a role model for younger kids that want to be in my position. So, yeah, it just means a lot to represent my country and my family back home.

Q. Elijah, as good as their guards are for the Hokies, they like to shoot the three as well, they shoot it well. How much of a challenge is it going to be for you guys to keep them in check from that standpoint?
ELIJAH CUFFEE: It's going to be a big challenge. I think everybody on our team is ready to accept that challenge and take it on. It'll be fun to go up and compete with that big of names and that big of a team. I think it's just always a challenge and ready to accept it.

Q. How has this team evolved, your team, since that exhibition meeting back in November when you played them the first time?
MYO BAXTER-BELL: It's day and night. Like we've came so far. I mean, earlier in the year we let mistakes get to us, and I think we let mistakes bothers us and sometimes affect the outcome. But this team today, we've overcome a lot of mistakes. We're able to make mistakes and be able to rally and pull each other back together and just put ourselves in a great position to win.

Q. Obviously you won at UCLA this year. You beat Mississippi State last night. What's the mindset going into playing Virginia Tech? You kind of look at it like, so what, 4 seed, we've beaten big-name teams before? Or what's the confidence level going into this game?
MYO BAXTER-BELL: We like to talk about staying in our lane. So not getting too ahead of the moment and just doing what we do every day. We play defense, and we try to take good shots on offense, so we're going to stick to what we've been doing, playing good defense and trying to take good shots.

And, I mean, we're not getting too ahead of ourselves. We don't really look at the numbers. I think seeds don't matter. I think it's been proven that the numbers really don't matter. At the end of the day, we all have to go out there and lace up.

Q. With a quick-turnaround game like this, is it helpful that you played them in the exhibition game in November, or was that game so meaningless that you really can't get anything out of that this time around?
ELIJAH CUFFEE: I wouldn't say the game was meaningless. I think playing a team and seeing a team before is helpful, especially this late in the season, or knowing their personnel and how hard that they play. It helps us as far as preparing for them tomorrow.

Q. Has it set in yet what you accomplished last night in terms of big picture and biggest win in school history? Certainly it's been exciting over the last 24 hours, but how much have you thought about it?
GEORGIE PACHECO-ORTIZ: Yeah, of course, I mean, we've been thinking about last night after the game, but we just already enjoyed. We celebrate, but now we gotta worry about our next opponent. We know that we made history. We accomplished our goal, but we want more. So we don't want to end our season. So, yeah.

MODERATOR: Anything additional? Sounds like we're good. Thank you, gentlemen.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Oregon has been on a great defensive spree here the last 10 or 11 games when you look at the stats. And obviously you've played good defenses before. What's unique about this challenge for your offense, and is it a matter of if we just play our offense -- do you feel like if you play your offense, you can still get your shots, or are you going to have to do something special?
RUSSELL TURNER: Yeah. I think we're going to have to play a special game to be effective. But we did that yesterday against a team that's actually a better-ranked defense than Oregon's. And that takes nothing away from Oregon. Oregon is incredibly improved, and that's a credit to their players and their staff.

They've got unusual length. They've got size and length more like an NBA team than a typical college team. So the looks that they're able to give to teams are different, and I think they've figured that out as this season has gonna long.

They challenge each team they face in multiple different ways. They don't just challenge you with the way they play man to man, they adjust to zone. Sometimes they make one thing look like the other. They often surprise teams with traps.

They remind me in many ways of playing Louisville in 2015. I thought that we were able to prepare in 2015 well for that game. We had longer to get ready. But I thought that the preparation in 2015 had occurred throughout the course of the season, not just in the week that we were playing.

There's nothing that Oregon is going to show us that we won't know how to handle, but they're going to show it to us with guys that are hard to handle. So we're going to have to be really good.

But we're different from what they are, and that can cause them problems, too.

Q. Coach, what makes Coach Blaine the Sister Jean of UC Irvine?
RUSSELL TURNER: (Laughs). You know, the other day in our watch party, I was addressing the fans who were there, and what I said was that, you know, a year ago Loyola Chicago was in the same position that day as we were, and at that time Loyola Chicago had a record of 28 and 5 and we were 30 and 5. And Loyola Chicago had created great momentum around a veteran group, and we've done the same thing, and probably even won more games in a row at that stage than they had. I don't know that to be true.

But I also said they had a secret weapon that everyone remembers in Sister Jean and that we also have a secret weapon that no one knows about, and it's Uncle Blaine.

So it was a play on words, you know, as a way to entertain the crowd, but Blaine is special for our team and our staff. You know, Blaine has 380 Division I wins. You can see that if you look it up. But more critical than that, he's just a talented basketball person, a coach, a motivator, a lot of different things that I was able to see up close when he and I worked together for Mike Montgomery here in the Bay Area in 2000.

And we also won 30 games that year. And 30 games in college basketball is rare air. So I remembered and was watching very closely what I saw from Blaine and went on to follow him when he went to Virginia, from where I'm from, to be the head coach at Old Dominion.

So when I had an opening on my staff, the opportunity to bring him back made so much sense because he was at a university in Old Dominion that's very similar to UC Irvine, and he accomplished everything we wanted to accomplish. He won multiple conference championships. He won multiple conference tournament championships. He made the NCAA I think four times. Even once got an at-large bid and advanced in the tournament.

So when we won our conference tournament the other night, one of the things I said to him when I gave him a hug, was: Hey, this is why I brought you here. And I had that same feeling Friday when we won in the NCAA Tournament. You know, he had done it at a school like ours and has been a big part of us finding the way to also do it at Irvine. Sorry for the long answer.

Q. I know that don't want to put the cart before the horse, but whenever you look at teams that -- that term "mid majors," everybody talks about Gonzaga, that's no longer looked at that way because they've done it for 20 years. When you look at them, what are the things in their path to doing this that are applicable to a place like UC Irvine -- and, of course, you see others like Wofford and others, but applicable to your place where you could say why can't we do that, too, over the long-term?
RUSSELL TURNER: Yeah, I mean, you make a long list. Wofford this year, you know, Davidson, George Mason, VCU. There are more. You know, all those places have done what I'd like to dream that maybe we could do. And, I mean, hey, this year we're on the way. You know, who knows what's still possible for us. We're clearly making progress in the right direction, and I think that's what's critical.

Gonzaga didn't become what we are now in a short window. They gradually got better. They continued to improve, and they were committed to sustaining their success through the investments they made as a university.

I believe the same things are all possible at Irvine. Just as they've been at the other schools that I've mentioned. I don't get to just decide that that happens, but I can do my part really well, and that's what I've been focused on trying to do.

And I do think we've developed as a program an identity that suits us and our community and our university really well. I think the type of guys that we attract now are the type of guys that we can continue to attract. And as we do a better job at identifying even better players and we benefit from days like we had Friday and opportunities like we have today and tomorrow, we can also get better and better.

Q. I asked your players this question. What we love so much about March Madness is the Cinderella stories, obviously. And I asked them if they felt that they were a Cinderella. And that could be taken as a derogatory term --
RUSSELL TURNER: (Laughs.)

Q. You know? But how do you look at this team? Do you look at yourselves as a Cinderella story?
RUSSELL TURNER: I don't know. I mean, kind of. Depends on what that means to you. You know, Cinderella. Yeah, not every guy would like to be called that, I don't guess. I don't mind it because I think it's, you know, a positive expression for teams in this tournament that do something special. That's how I think of the term.

What it really means is underdog, and nobody minds being an underdog. Nobody knows better than we do that we're underdogs. But that doesn't really matter. You know, you gotta -- that's the great thing about this tournament. You get to settle it in a rectangle. And what your seed is doesn't matter. You play for it. And that's what we'll get a chance to do tomorrow. So if they call us Cinderella, that's fine. But I think we've earned everybody's respect, whatever they call us.

Q. I know it was a long time ago, but you guys went to A&M and won. The things that you learned about yourselves that night and what's translated into now, because that's a Power 5 team with a lot of good athletes on the road?
RUSSELL TURNER: Yeah, that was an important night for us to win that game. As you said, it's a Power 5 opponent with outstanding athleticism. You know, they really tried to challenge us, and we withstood that challenge.

It was a shock to us early in that game. They got off to a big lead because it was hard for us to adjust to their size, strength, length combination. But we were able to adjust and stay in the game and figure out ways to execute the things that we thought we would be able to execute in that matchup.

And then we got lucky in the end. You know, tossed one in with six seconds left to go up by one and withstood the last six seconds to win. But knowing -- even had we not won, I think our team would have emerged from that day knowing that we can play with anybody. That's what we truly believe. It doesn't mean we can play successfully on every possession against anybody, but we think we can figure out a way to have a chance in any matchup based on the experiences we've had together, the depth and talent of this roster and the combination of skills our guys have.

Q. You mentioned the length Oregon has, but at the point guard spot, Payton Pritchard has shown his ability to take over a game. What kind of threat does he pose to your team tomorrow?
RUSSELL TURNER: Well, he's played outstanding, especially recently. And anybody who's watched Oregon knows that, can look at his numbers. He's not only scored at a high level, but he's the one that gets easy shots for all of his teammates. And he's also an incredible game manager, I think, for them in the run that they've had. So he's an outstanding point guard, one that we fully respect.

I think we got a great matchup for him in Robert Cartwright, who's also a veteran, and it won't just be Robert's job to disrupt the rhythm that he's had. We'll try to do that as a team. But we've been pretty good as a team, our group has, when we've focused on the other team's most critical players. So I think he's got his hands full with us just like we do with him.

MODERATOR: Any additional questions? Sounds like we're good. Thanks, Coach.

RUSSELL TURNER: All right. Thank you all.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Coach, first of all, again, congratulations on making it to the next round. One neat thing I think about your program I noticed is the shirts that you wear obviously during the post-game press conferences and the players are wearing. I think it's pretty cool. If you could give us a little background on how all that got started and overall how many T-shirts you've given out to your players and yourself?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Thanks for asking. Thanks for even noticing. We call them quote shirts. You can't get a quote shirt unless there is a Tech talk behind it, Tech as in Virginia Tech. I think it's just another opportunity for us to teach our guys maybe a life lesson, maybe something that's bigger than basketball.

There was one quote shirt that was basketball specific in year No. 1. That was the only one that has anything to do with basketball. Everything else is specific to life.

The ones that I wear after the game, it's kind of the only time that I ever wear them. I don't ever want it to come across arrogant because most of those quotes are quotes that I say, not necessarily my original words. Some of them are.

We make five extra ones for anyone not in our program. So anyone not in our program that has a quote shirt, either the quote was attributed to them -- Gus Bradley is here. We have a quote shirt from Coach Gus when he was with us.

It's just kind of become a part of the fabric of what we do. Depends upon the year. I think we gave our guys their last quote shirt on the Monday before we left -- the Monday we left for Charlotte. And so that was the eleventh quote shirt of the year.

But I would say -- you could see a wall in our facility. It has the artwork from every quote shirt and the lesson under the quote. I think they average about 13 a year. So however many that is, approaching 70 in our time here. Thanks for asking.

Q. Buzz, in a quick turnaround, quick scout, is it helpful to you guys that you see the pack-line defense a couple times this year already with playing Virginia and the fact that you were on the same court with these guys in an exhibition game in early November?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I don't think so. I think you can tweet about it and it makes sense. But I don't think at this stage when we play tomorrow, with however many teams will be remaining in the field, 20 games -- 20 teams left in the country playing for a National Championship, I don't think something that happened 139 days ago, I don't think that there's much carryover.

That's not who they are now. It's not who we are now. They're playing for their 30th win. And statistically, if you look at the metrics that matter the most, they're very impressive, almost better than half of the teams in the ACC on the numbers that smart people pay attention to.

But I don't know that -- I mean, I don't even remember that far back and how we operate, I just think that that's -- in dog years that was so long ago.

Q. I just wanted to ask you kind of on the previous question about the pack-line defense, facing it twice against Virginia, what comparison, similarities is there between UVA and Liberty?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I try not to go to the dentist, because when you play UVA, that's what it's like. It's just -- it'll be a very slow game. I do think that how -- I'm not trying to coach Coach's team, but I do think that if you read what he says and how they go about their business, I think defensively a lot of what they do is very similar to what UVA does.

That whole coaching tree, Coach Bennett, Coach Bennett's dad, Coach McKay, Brad Soderberg, all of those guys are kind of from that grouping. And I think how they defend ball screens, how they defend the post, the pack line, the imaginary line that they want to -- it's the force field that the ball can't get to, I think it's very similar.

I don't know that there's any other team that we've played against this year that are 1000 percent pack line. Louisville has a lot of that. Coach Mack plays some of that, but it's not the original Dick Bennett "This is pack line, I'm inventing a new defense." I don't think anybody else does that the way that UVA and Liberty do.

Q. It seems like your seniors and the upperclassmen have a pretty good feel for what you're trying to accomplish and can coach internally. I would imagine that's the goal of any coach. But how satisfying has that been to see, and how does it play itself out in the day to day?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I think okay programs are typically coach led. I think good programs it's kind of a mix, maybe some coaches and some players. I think sustainable, successful programs, it's normally player led. And that takes time, and even with time it doesn't mean that it's going to happen.

It speaks to the character of our guys. I think it speaks to their IQ and their EQ. Those old guys that have been -- I mean, Med's known me since he was a sophomore in high school. And I think there's some -- it's never written about, and maybe it shouldn't be, because it would make too much sense, but my staff, a lot of those guys have been around me a long time as well. Right? Half of our staff either played for me or was a manager or a GA.

And so it's kind of the culmination of all of that, to the point that I'm probably the least used cog in the wheel, because the staff, the players, the former players, kind of how they've morphed and how they've grown is way better than what I would have done if I would have led it on my own.

And so I think that's what you want as you're building an organization, for there to be some continuity, not just in how you play, but maybe the why is maybe more important than the how.

Q. To follow up what you were saying about Liberty is a different team than they were back in November. So the film you've seen of them today, what concerns you the most about the team they are now?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Well, they're tenth in the country in effect active field goal percentage. And I know it's an easy story line. It's the pack line. It's Tony Bennett, it's Ritchie McKay. It's Dick Bennett. I get all of that. But they're tenth in the country in effect active field goal percentage. That's very impressive.

They haven't lost a game in over a month. They won their championship game on the team that they tied with to win the league. That's very impressive. I don't know if you saw that game, but that was a great college basketball game.

And even the game that they played last night, I don't know -- I know the 5-12 matchup is popular in Vegas, but that was -- Liberty won that game. And Liberty was never out of the game, no matter what Mississippi State was doing. And so as effective as they are defensively, and obviously that slows the game down, for them to be as efficient as they are offensively is -- I mean, that's why their metrics are so good. I mean, their net, their KenPom, all the stuff that matters, that's why they're still playing, to be honest.

Q. I know you talked a little bit about it after the exhibition in November, about your relationship with Ritchie. That encounter when you were at Colorado State, he was at New Mexico, what do you remember about that, and after that just how your guys' relationship evolved?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah, I worked for a coach at Colorado State, and Ritchie used to be a graduate assistant for Coach. And so, of course, I did not know any of that. When Coach hired me, I didn't know Coach. I'd never been to Colorado. It wasn't like it was a wired deal.

Like maybe most young coaches under 30, I was probably hellbent on the wrong things, with a lot of it being selfish in nature. I remember what happened. If you want to talk about it, we can.

It was a Big Monday game. That was when the Mountain West Conference played the game after SportsCenter. If you were living in Richmond, you were already asleep when that game came on. But for somebody that was 28 years old and employed at a school that didn't have a direction in it or a hyphen in it, that was a big deal to play on national TV. Where I'm from, I never had cable until I became a coach. And so like Big Monday was pretty cool.

And so Coach Layer I've never heard say a word of profanity, ever. And never have I heard Coach McKay say a word of profanity. And so I for sure skewed the numbers in that regard. And Coach wouldn't allow me to use profanity. And I did that night, and I probably didn't handle myself in the right way.

But I think to talk about that would be even more immature on my part, because my relationship with him has completely morphed into something totally different. And I have the utmost respect not only for what he does as a coach, but, maybe more importantly, who he is as a person and the impact that he's had as a coach.

Q. Coach, I just talked to Justin Robinson, and he was mentioning that while he was hurt, that he felt that he was beginning to see the game even more as a player and a coach, and he looks up to you, and that he is able to analyze things from -- in a manner that he wants to be a coach, he said, after he plays. I'm wondering what your assessment of his kind of cerebral take on the game is and if you do see him being a coach one day.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: For sure he'll be a coach. He'll be incredibly successful. If I'm still coaching, I'll try to hire him. Probably won't have enough money to afford him. Jamie McNeilly was a player on my -- was a player who's now on my staff. And as a young coach, I thought he was the best player I had been around that could take what I was saying and translate it to the players that couldn't understand it.

And 5 is the second best. I think he'll be ultra successful because he has a level of charisma about him, kind of has a level of swag about him, but it's not too boisterous. It's not arrogant.

I thought he was very important and helpful in the 12 games that he sat out. Obviously as a senior, as the all-time leader in assists, you don't want to sit out. I don't know how many games that we lost that we would have won when he played, but for him to be a Virginia kid and to be a part of the evolution of our program, I think that that was incredibly difficult, but how he handled it spoke -- speaks to who he is.

He sees the game a lot faster than I do. He's been one of if not the most important person in the change in our program, and maybe that's because of he's always to the next play, particularly when the ball is in his hand. He just -- he makes the game so much easier for Ahmed, game easier for Nickeil, game easier for Ty. But everybody that he's played against. When he was a freshman and starting, we were playing Seth Allen, and Seth Allen was as good with the ball in his hands as I've been around.

But when 5 has the ball, I just think it's -- you're too young to know the group the Eagles. They had a song, "Peaceful Easy Feeling." And when 5 has the ball, I think everybody feels that way. Our guys don't listen to that genre of music. I do. Like when 5 has the ball, I know statistically it wasn't his normal game, but in the 27 minutes that he played, he was a big part of handling Saint Louis's pressure, handling their physicality, because when he has the ball, you know he's going to make the right direction.

And a lot of times I think the decision that he makes, he's skipping. If it's A, B, C, he's skipping B. He's going from A to C, and unless you've been around him a long time, you never even knew that there was a B.

And so I think he'll end up playing for a long time. I think the right team that values having an IQ, values a great teammate, I think he'll stick with the right team at the highest level. But when he's done playing, I think he'll have an even greater impact as a coach.

His ability to influence not only his team, but like in Buzz's bunch and all of the other things that we do in the community is just -- he has -- he's very much a magnet to kids. And his ability -- my children, they think 5 hung the moon. And when 5 got hurt at Miami, that next day it was rough at our house, you know, because our -- my children thought we were going to lose every game. It was my children and Berman, you know, the wheels are falling off (laughs). And so that tells you how much they think of 5.

MODERATOR: Let's go to Berman on the left.

BUZZ WILLIAMS: Why not. Even you know who Berman is.

Q. I don't know if it sunk in. You started the preseason playing the charity exhibition game. You sat there with Ritchie on the podium there.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I gave him some money. Did you ask Ritchie about this? I gave money to that ministry, and they never cashed the check until after the new year. That must be a Falwell deal. When you donate to charity, my CPA said you want to count that in 2018 --

Q. I don't have a CPA.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: As skilled as you are, I'm surprised.

Q. Being with Ritchie and the teams back then and now kind of come full circle and here you are these many months later with Ritchie again and the NCAA Tournament, does that strike you at all today or last night?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I'm real happy for him, and I mean that in a sincere way. If you rewind -- I know he's older than me, but if you rewind in his career, his ascent was as fast as any head coach ever.

And the thing that I find in addition to that ascent was the AD at Liberty when he left was the same AD that hired him back. And I don't know if you could Google that in college basketball. I don't think that that's ever occurred. And I think that that just speaks to who he is.

Yes, it speaks to that he's a very good coach. But to leave an institution and then come back and the people that are making the decisions bring you back, I think that that probably is the most unique measurement relative to his career.

Last year, not this season, last year when the hurricanes affected -- one hit Houston. One hit Puerto Rico. The NCAA allowed us to add an exhibition as long as the moneys went towards those and the relief of those victims. This year the NCAA did not allow that. And so we had our typical annual scrimmage with South Carolina, and then Liberty was scheduled to come to our place for the scrimmage. And then we were able to work it out where we would just turn the scrimmage into an exhibition so that we could raise some money for that.

Yeah, I don't know, Berman, that it kind of crossed my mind yesterday the answer to that. I'm just typical coach. I'm so wired for that particular game, what was at stake, what it would mean to our institution, what it would mean to our program, what it would mean to these kids and these families that believed in something that wasn't there four or five years ago.

Maybe it's crossed my mind today, but not that it's from a competitive standpoint, more from an admiration standpoint. I have great admiration for Coach, for who he is. I think that was the first win for him in the NCAA Tournament. Is that right? 17 years as a head coach, and yesterday was his first win. I would assume since it was his first win, that it was probably the first win for Liberty as an institution. So I don't ever look at Coach as a competitive -- in a competitive lens.

So I don't know that I necessarily looked at it like November the 4th on a Sunday, can you believe we had the exhibition on Sunday at Liberty? Isn't that -- I don't think we should do that either. But -- I went to church that morning. I don't know if Ritchie did, but -- I don't look at it in that regard. Obviously, by the time we play tomorrow evening, obviously that's what it'll be. But I just look to him with great admiration and happiness for him and for his family.

Q. I'd like to go back to the quote shirts, if you don't mind.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah, I did a bad job answering that.

Q. Well, let's take another crack at it. I don't know how far back you've done that among your many stops, but what the origin of that was and kind of what you want to communicate with it.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah, so my brain works in fragmented sentences. So here's some potential quote shirts for upcoming years:

"Clarity of purpose creates perspective." I would have to massage that for a while to get it where our guys would understand it.

"If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you." That's a good one.

"An appreciation, not an expectation." That's one thing that we've talked about a lot over the last month in our program, that trying to figure out how to do it.

So on my calendar there's just all kind of random fragmented sentences. Some of them turn into a quote card. The quote shirts are really a derivative of quote cards.

I haven't given out business cards for years. And I never wanted to give a business card out because every business card has your name, your title, your information. And I always, at the very core of that, thought that that was arrogant. So when I became a head coach, I quit giving out business cards, and I created quote cards. And before I met Josh Chambers, they were like the most kindergarten quote cards ever. And Josh is now on our staff, and like they're the best graphics of all time.

So anytime I send something in the mail, I include a quote card. Anytime that I meet somebody, I have a quote card. And we have a different quote card every day. So any day that we work, I have a quote card. So anytime we watch film, I give everybody a quote card. When I give them the quote card, I give them a mini Tech talk -- what does this mean to you, do you understand it -- and then I give them my perspective on it. Anytime we gain traction or something is better than a quote card, it has turned into a quote shirt.

So just in random conversation, if our guys hear something or if our guys say something and they know it's -- they would use the word "fire." If they know it's fire, they'll say, Coach, that's a quote shirt. So Ahmed has every quote shirt that we've ever made here. 5, K and Ty have every quote shirt over the last four. Probably equals one quote shirt every 20 to 24 days.

And at the end of the year every person that's a player on scholarship on our team puts on their favorite quote shirt, and we take a picture. And then I take my quote shirt and cut it out, and I have a lady that makes me a quilt. So every year I have a quilt of the quote shirts from that year.

Every year we have a theme for the year. Our mantra is Get Better, but within that mantra there's a theme for the year. I don't ever say it publicly. But for that theme there is a logo. And so depending upon who the guy from Roanoke was asking, I don't have one on, but you'll find a logo on the quote shirt, and that logo will be specific to that year.

So year two was a ladder. Year three was the Birimian rings. Year four was True North. So it kind of looked like a compass. Year five is the number 5, but it looks like it has four fingers coming off the curve in the 5, and each of those four fingers, kind of like the pylons at Virginia Tech. So they know what year that quote shirt came from. And I think the best thing about those quote shirts is if you ask our kids what the lesson was, they would be pretty accurate in describing it.

MODERATOR: Great. Thanks, Coach.

BUZZ WILLIAMS: You bet.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Paul, this team turned around its season over the last few weeks here. What's been the key? What happened after that trip to LA, and just kind of what's happened since then?
PAUL WHITE: Well, one of the things that happened was after the USC game, Coach after the game just really emphasized about having a positive attitude. I think throughout the USC game we kind of lost some of our composure, and he told Francis Okoro that because of how positive he was throughout that entire game, he was going to start for the UCLA game. We started big lineup. It was me, Payton, Lou, Kenny, and Francis.

And ever since then, I think that lineup has kind of, you know, been a staple for this team right now. Well, not only that, but, you know, it's also kind of encouraged people coming off the bench to -- I believe to have that same positive attitude, to have a certain kind of energy about them when they do get on the floor.

And ever since Coach has kind of emphasized having a positive attitude and a positive energy, this team has kind of just gone in a new direction. And ever since that LA trip, I think that we've been a more cohesive group, a more mature group, and it's really showing.

Q. Along that same line, Dana talked about that story on Thursday. He talked about his anger and maybe that being a defining moment. What do you guys remember about that moment specifically? Was there any anger amongst the team, and were you as maybe disappointed as Coach Altman was at that time?
KENNY WOOTEN: No, I don't think the team was angry at all. I think we all kind of bonded together at that time and realized that we really had to depend on each other and we have to pick each other up, because we weren't going to win games doing the same thing. That's kind of the definition of insanity.

So we realized that we had to change and get ready for the rest of the season. I think UCLA was a big start for that, and then after that we just realized what we had to do to win.

PAUL WHITE: Yeah. I kind of remember that moment. I think it was some people that were kind of frustrated. Not only just with each other, but I felt like people were kind of just frustrated with like the performance that they were just giving at that time. I know I was frustrated with myself.

But Coach rewarded, I think, the right person at that moment. Francis throughout that entire game, he was just in people's ears like: Come on, come on, guys, you know, we got this. Let's stay together. He's very aggressive in how he tells you. You know, like he'll grab your shoulder. He'll almost grab your face and kind of break it down to you.

But I think in that moment, you know, what I want to give credit to are the people that are coming off the bench. You know, we've changed up the starting lineups a lot, and I think this team has done a great job of kind of maintaining their egos and putting it to the side and just putting forth a positive energy for this team.

Q. Kenny, how can you tell that you've intimidated someone after you block a shot in the next few trips when they come down? And Paul, when can you tell that Kenny has intimidated somebody?
PAUL WHITE: Oh, I don't intimidate people? (Laughs). I'm just playing with you. I'm just playing with you.

KENNY WOOTEN: Usually I could usually tell when I made an impact on a defensive end is when like teams, they'll drive and be real aggressive, and then once I block a shot or two, they'll tend to like drive in, try to like stop or kick it out. Or they'll like shoot a lot more threes. Like you'll see a lot more three point attempts. And that's when I realize that I've done my job because it's a higher percentage shooting them outside than inside.

PAUL WHITE: I mean, I see it when -- just like what Kenny said. When teams start to kind of stop in their tracks. They start to give multiple head fakes. Also I think when Kenny, you know, he kind of lets -- sometimes he lets you know like when he blocks a shot. And, you know, that can kind of play into that mental mind game where, you know, it's not about being unsportsmanlike, it's just about celebrating that play at that time.

And as a player with pride, you know, it is one of the things that you just don't want to happen, is to have your shot blocked like that. So it starts to kind of seep into people's minds, and I think so far over this stretch of the games that we have won, he's done a great job of really planting that seed in Peoples heads.

Q. The seedings of these two teams isn't vastly different, but the perception certainly is of the two programs. Do you guys feel like you're about to play a Cinderella?
PAUL WHITE: No. We've heard the background of this team, that they haven't lost since January. No matter what conference you're in, no matter what division you're playing in, that's still pretty tough to do. I think they won 30-plus games this year.

We've watched them. We watched some film on them. We watched them play some yesterday, and you know, they're a very smart but fast team. And that's one of the things that we have to take into account. So they've gotten to this point for a reason. And for that we for sure have to respect them. Definitely not a Cinderella, though.

Q. You guys did this in the Pac-12 Tournament in Vegas because you did back-to-back-to-back games. How difficult is it here to flip that switch and scout a team like UC Irvine and get prepared for that game tomorrow?
KENNY WOOTEN: Well, I mean, it's kind of difficult, you know, because you have to completely scout a whole different team that you never scouted before throughout the entire season. And being able to play -- I mean, it's a blessing to be able to play right now, but it's kind of difficult being able to play games right after the next and have a whole different scout. It's hard, but, I mean, not too many people are playing, so I can't complain.

PAUL WHITE: Yeah. I told somebody this before. I think kind of in this setting it's important to know the other players' tendencies probably rather than so much their plays. So if we start to really study what they do out on the floor, which, you know, kind of carries over, no matter, whatever play that they are running, I think that's something that we've done very well with, I think, in Wisconsin. We really paid attention to their tendencies and what they did well and probably some of the things that we could exploit.

But I think with this team, you know, just kind of drilling in what their strong suits are and kind of just going from there.

Q. This one is for Kenny. Jordan Bell had a lot of memes two years ago about his blocking shots. Have you seen the ones about you, and do you enjoy seeing the highlights on ESPN of you blocking shots? I mean, you were talked about a lot last night, about your game against Wisconsin.
KENNY WOOTEN: Yeah, it's always great to turn on the TV and see them talking about you. So I really -- I enjoy that. And I did see the -- I think it was like a hashtag, like Things Jordan Bell Could Block. And I remember them talking about that, and I remember being like that's what I wanted to be. I wanted to feel like that, and it's truly a blessing being able to see things like that going on for myself.

Q. Kenny, you guys have been on such a great defensive streak the last eight games or so or since UCLA. And the different things you do defensively, the man, the press, the zone, and Russell Turner was talking about how the man sometimes looks like a zone and vice versa. How much do you sense teams getting confused or tentative by not being able to figure out what you're in?
KENNY WOOTEN: It is kind of difficult to realize what type of defense we're playing at the time, because a lot of teams really don't know like what type of plays to run against our -- it's like a man or a zone --

PAUL WHITE: Yeah, don't tell 'em.

KENNY WOOTEN: Yeah, I'm not going to tell them the secret. But yeah, they really will never know because they run different types of plays for the defense that they see. And then they'll like run a zone play, and really we might be in something completely different. So it's kind of -- it's hard, like we're throwing them off balance, and I think we're doing a great job of that.

MODERATOR: We good? Thank you, fellas.

KENNY WOOTEN: Thank you.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. For the guys, congratulations after the losses the last couple of years in the first round. What does it mean to you guys to taste victory tonight?
AHMED HILL: It felt amazing. We know there's still more work to do on our end, but getting the first one out of the way feels very good.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: Winning in this tournament is like very hard, no matter what team you're playing, no matter what seed you are, all that's thrown out the window. We've known that for the past two years, and this one didn't change my mind about that. And it was a battle from start to finish.

Q. For both of you guys, having Justin back out there, what kind of lift does that give you?
KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: 5 is a great member of this team on and off the floor. He's been our engine for the past four years. That's my roommate; so I was glad to see him out there with me having a chance to play in March the last season. Just his poise I think was a great presence on both ends of the floor tonight, and that was big for us.

AHMED HILL: I would say the same. The way he handled the pressure, took a lot of pressure off us guys that don't normally handle the ball. It was great having him out there. He sparked us with energy and everything. So it was great.

Q. Guys, in terms of your defense, what did you think you guys did to make it a pretty tough shooting night for Saint Louis?
AHMED HILL: We just came out there and wanted them to shoot long contested threes, not let them get paint touches. I think we did a good job of it. The second half we could have cleaned up a little bit more, tried to stop them on the offensive boards more.

But I think we did a pretty good job. We need to tighten it up, though.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: Our defense is predicated on preventing paint touches. I think we did a good job overall of that. I think that's what helped us a bit in that area. Just staying locked in with energy, about having each others' back, being in gaps, being able to take charges when we have the opportunity. That was big for us to prevent some of those drives and easy layups.

Q. How aware were you guys of the fact that three double-digit seeds had won earlier in the day, and did that heighten awareness at all for you guys about upset chances?
KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: I think seeing all those games we got like a feel for the environment of the tournament. We definitely didn't want to be one of those teams, but we definitely were locked into our game. We knew what we needed to do. Our coaches did a really good job of preparing us all throughout this week. So we just wanted to stay locked into the moment.

Q. Offensively what got you guys clicking in the first half, and then what happened in the second half when you guys only had the four baskets?
AHMED HILL: First half, I think we did an excellent job of carrying the ball, getting a lot of paint touches. We drove, played for one another.

Second half, they put a lot of pressure on us. And we need to stick to that more, just getting the ball and being more poised. But the first half I thought we did a great job of sharing the ball and just getting to the paint and taking our kind of shots.

KERRY BLACKSHEAR, JR.: Like he said, the poise was a big factor, everybody playing for one another, the pace, being able to get rebounds and run. I think that's what started a lot of the layups we got in the first half, being able to get rebounds, turnovers and push the ball. Second half we didn't do that as well.

MODERATOR: Anything else for the players? We'll let those guys go and open it up for Coach.

Q. Buzz, congratulations. You've accomplished a lot in your five years at Tech. Do you feel like getting an NCAA Tournament win is kind of the final piece, the final brick of accomplishments there, what you were trying to do here at Tech?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: I don't think that I was -- upon arrival that I was smart enough to have a plan other than to just be better the next day than I was the previous day. I don't think that the collective thought of the culture of our program is to have a PowerPoint presentation on what our plan would be.

I think what we've done speaks to the character of the parents of these kids. I think what we've done speaks to the character of our staff and their work ability, work ethic ability.

But I also think that it's not just this group, I think it's all of the staff members and all of the players that have been a part of the program from the very beginning. I don't think in any organization, whether it's athletics or not, that you lose because of one reason or you win because of one person. I think it's everybody pulling in the same direction. The support of our administration, the support of our community, all of those things are big pieces to the puzzle.

But I don't think that five years and one day ago today that I was like, yeah, on this day we're going to win our first NCAA Tournament game. I'm not -- I'm not smart enough to think like that. But I like to work and I like to wake up early, and for whatever reason, people that are of the same ilk I'm attracted to and they're attracted to me. And I think that helps.

Q. Buzz, what did you think of Justin's play tonight, and to get 27 minutes out of him his first game back, how important is that for him to build on?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: It's hard for me to quantify the peace that I have when 5's on the floor. Statistically I thought he was okay. But when the ball is in his hand, I feel like he's going to make the right decision for Virginia Tech.

I didn't go into the game, like I said yesterday, having, you know, at this moment in time he'll play and he can play this long. We wanted to do whatever we could to win the game, and how was it that he could help us win the game, and I think he was a big part of that.

Paul, what's up? Thanks for coming. Did you say hello to my wife?

Q. Buzz, it looked like you were maybe making some notes in the box score or circling stuff, and I wonder if you could share some of your thoughts.
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah. Eclectic, weird, whatever adjectives you would have. We don't study much on the box score. We call them white board stats. It's nine different categories that we study, nine different things that we emphasize to our team. Maybe it's a by-product of some of the numbers that are on the box score, but I don't like to have too much of an opinion in post game because I'm so emotionally bankrupt, I like to have facts. So I just like to study that stuff before all the smart people ask me questions.

Q. Can you share some of the facts that you got there?
BUZZ WILLIAMS: Yeah, so K mentioned it. We referred to -- if we're only talking about offense when the ball gets to the paint off the pass or the bounce, that's a paint touch. And then, you know, the NBA lane is one foot wider on both sides. And in our practice facility, that's painted on the floor.

And defensively is what I'm talking about now, we call that a box touch. So if the opponent gets it to the box off the pass or the bounce, that is a box touch. And so it's just stuff that I studied when I was young, what the field goal percentage is offensively when the ball touches the paint prior to a shot, and then defensively, what is your defensive field goal percentage when the ball touches the box prior to a shot.

So everything else kind of is a derivative of that. If the ball doesn't touch the box, then you weren't in rotation. If the ball does touch the box, obviously you are in rotation. And so the next layer to that fact that we study is the contested three percentage. We changed how we play defensively last year with nine regular-season games to go, and we've just kind of built from that. So box touch percentage is really important, contested three percentage is really important, and then defensive rebound percentage is really important.

And I think maybe ironic is not the right word, but those three categories were the difference for us tonight specific to the roster of Saint Louis. If you look at what they had success with this season, they're the fifth best offensive rebounding team in the country. Well, most of the time, if you get an offensive rebound, it's because rotation was forced, and so now they have inside position.

And how they were scoring so much in the second half was I think they had eight offensive rebounds. So the ball got to the box. Virginia Tech is in rotation. The shot goes up. And because of the complexion of our roster, we're going to be in a bind.

And so maybe that answers some of your questions. I could talk for a long time, but I don't want it to come across in a condescending way.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Barry, how difficult was it for you to get in a rhythm after being on the bench so much in the first half and the turnover in the final minute? What did you see on that play?
BARRY BROWN, JR.: It was tough, man. Just trying to go out there and do whatever I could to help my team will our way to a win. I was trying to, I don't know, get my shots going early a little bit, see what was up. Some rattled in and out, made one, missed a few. Last play, when I'm dribbling down, I wanted to penetrate, but then I saw three guys, and I thought Cartwright was going to come up, but he didn't, and I kind of made the wrong pass. I didn't read it right. I should have just dribbled it out. Just made the wrong read in a crucial part of the game. Definitely on me. Should have been better.

Q. For either one of you, was there anything about Irvine that surprised you, and just what sort of are the emotions for you guys at this point?
KAMAU STOKES: I mean, nothing surprised me. They're a good team. That's why they got to the tournament. So it wasn't surprising at all. We knew it was going to be tough. And like Coach said, they made plays at the right times.

Q. Obviously you guys had a lot of high hopes heading into this tournament. You had a really good season. What are the emotions like knowing that's over now?
BARRY BROWN, JR.: Just sad, man. We wanted to do something really special. We did something special in our regular season, and we wanted to kind of carry that momentum over to this tournament, and just didn't execute, didn't hit some shots, didn't guard the right way we should have. I mean, we just weren't able to come up with the win, bottom line.

Q. For Barry and Kam, in all your senior videos you guys talk so much about carrying the program forward. I know it's tough to think about that right now, but how important that is to you guys that this program continues to move forward?
BARRY BROWN, JR.: It's super important, man. We tried to turn it around a little bit, and I think we all did some -- I mean, not just the seniors, but everyone on the team this year and last year did some special things to kind of change the narrative of our school and our program.

So, I mean, it's definitely going to be important for those guys to continue that on. I talked to some of them after the game in the locker room, just told them, I mean, it's their time, they gotta step up and be those leaders and gotta continue this legacy that we're trying to leave.

MODERATOR: Any additional questions for the student-athletes? Questions for Coach Weber.

Q. Just wondering not having Dean Wade out there how much of a difference did that make today?
BRUCE WEBER: I mean, if you studied or watched us, obviously it's a huge difference. But no excuses. We won without him early in the season. We won without him last year, and you know, it's just so sad, and I just -- you know, I don't understand it, but for him to two years in a row to have injuries, not be able to play in the tournament when you're such a good kid, quality person, he's worked so hard, it's really, really sad.

But hopefully -- there's always a reason for something, and it'll help make him tougher. And I just -- all three of these guys you can't say enough about. And Dean's future, I hope he can get healthy, stay healthy and be a productive NBA player down the road. And these other guys -- I told them the most important thing, all of those guys are going to be great people, great citizens, great representatives of Kansas State. And I know they're family guys. They do things the right way. So we're very, very proud to be associated with them.

Q. The drive at the end of the first half, missed your last 11 shots or whatever it was. What went into that, and were you tempted at all to put Barry back in?
BRUCE WEBER: I thought as long as we were staying ahead we could stay without him, because he gets that quick third one or something. The two fouls he got were casual -- I don't want to say casual, just kind of happenstance fouls, trying to get -- reaching in behind something. And you just didn't want -- we were ahead. Obviously that three at the end of the half was huge. You know, they went zone, went box and one. We had some shots. We didn't probably execute those. We talked all week, we knew when they played us last year, they had to play zone. They couldn't -- I guess he didn't think he could stop us, when they've had some other games they've had to play zone against some bigger teams or higher level teams.

So we knew they'd play zone, and I was just hoping, I told them to attack with confidence, not to act like we've never been there, because we've played against a bunch of people, bunch of zones. But obviously we just didn't get enough -- you know, you keep that thing at five or seven, obviously it would have been a big difference maker, but we didn't.

Credit to them. They got some toughness. They're older. I think -- I don't know a whole lot about West Coast basketball, but he's gotta be one of the best coaches out here, and he's gotta have one of the best teams one of the most experienced, toughest teams. And you admire them and respect them and appreciate what they did.

Q. Coach, a similar question to you as them. I know you just finished this game 20 minutes ago, but when did the conversation from those players turn into talk of the young guys about it being their program now and moving it forward?
BRUCE WEBER: After the game you think the guys, the whole team, obviously the seniors, you know, including the three that have been very important, Pierson Mcatee, Patrick Muldoon. Our seniors have been great walk-ons, great leaders, our managers, the GAs, the guys that are going to be gone.

But now I just hope the younger guys understand, I hope they understand how hard those guys have worked and what they've done to give us success and a chance to be a contender in the Big 12 and be somebody that gets to the NCAA Tournament.

You know, you still got three guys that played a bunch of minutes the last two years, Mak, Xavier, Mak had a huge game, 14 and 12. Just wish -- a couple of turnovers here and there. I thought he got fouled on the jump ball, but they saw it a different way. You know, Xavier obviously has been very good. Carti, you know, it's really a miracle, but he's in foul trouble, too, but a miracle what he's done. He really shouldn't even be playing, to be honest. Doctors, he had the okay coming early, coming back early, and he wanted to help us. He had some casual fouls which hurt us, but when you look at the plus-minus, he's plus 13 in there. So it would have been nice to have him and Barry a little more on the court, but it didn't happen.

Every game is different. Ball bounces different ways, calls go different ways, and, you know, to their credit they made the plays that make a difference.

MODERATOR: I think we're good. Thanks, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. For the three players, what were your emotions when you realized that you were going to win this game?
ROBERT CARTWRIGHT: First of all, relief, but just elation. You know, we believed that we had a chance to win this game, and we prepared like we were going to have a chance to win this game and to win, and we made the plays necessary.

A lot of credit to Kansas State. They played really hard, and they made it really tough on us down the stretch. But we have a supreme belief in our group that we make the plays necessary to win in winning time, and the guys right here made unbelievable play after unbelievable play, and we did it when we needed to. So absolute ecstasy.

Q. Evan, defensively, what was the plan? You played some zone. Played what looked like even a little box and one. I know defense is one of your trademarks. Can you sum up what you guys were trying to do defensively against them?
EVAN LEONARD: We just had a great game plan. I feel like we were able to execute it. We sent them a lot of different looks, like you said. I'm not going to say too much because we got another game. That's about it.

Q. Max, dagger three after dagger three, hit the three right before the buzzer at the first half. What were you feeling out there knowing that it seemed like every shot you took was going in?
MAX HAZZARD: I just gotta credit my teammates and my coaching staff and everybody that came here today for believing in me. I put a lot of work in on my jumper time and time again, so I have a lot of belief in myself and my ability to shoot the ball.

So if I can get some space, and obviously I'm going to get good passes because I got great teammates, I like my chances to knock them down.

Q. For any of the players, one of two teams from California in the tournament. Only team from California left. What does that mean for you guys to be that last team standing from the state?
MAX HAZZARD: It's pretty cool. Yeah, it's definitely exciting, and we're going to keep trying to carry the torch and put on for Cali, but most importantly put on for the University of Irvine. So we're going to just keep doing what we're doing, keep following the game plan.

We got a great coaching staff. And we got something good going here. So we're going to keep the train going.

Q. Evan, back-to-back threes you had. You guys lead in the second half. What was going on to get that lead at that point? What did it do for you guys down the stretch?
EVAN LEONARD: I was trying to do my job. My second three I was able to get the rebound. I was able to come down. I had just made one. That basket got a little bigger for me after I made that first one. So I wanted to get one up, and good thing it went in.

Q. Max, you missed a three right before you hit the last for the corner, then you had a little pose. How cool was that for you? I mean, you talked the other day about your emotions, you play in emotion. That was pretty much the epitome of it, wasn't it?
MAX HAZZARD: For sure. I had missed a shot before, but when you're a shooter and just a basketball player in general, you kind of have to have a short memory. And I think I have that. And like I said before, I just play with a lot of passion and a lot of joy. The stage doesn't get much bigger than this.

So it's pretty cool to be here, especially with teammates that I love and a coaching staff I love, and I'm just trying to enjoy every second of it.

Q. Max, obviously there's a few guys on your team that come from rich basketball families, sort of grew up in the game. Does that do anything for the team, and I'm thinking especially in crunch time?
MAX HAZZARD: I'm not really sure. That's kind of a hard thing to gauge, but I know it does do something for us, just having them all here today, having them here in the stands. And for those that couldn't make it out, I know they're supporting us. And I know my grandfather is looking down on me and the rest of the squad, smiling, and that means a lot for me.

Q. Robert, I know it's just one play, but people talk about end of half situations. Max hits a shot at the end of the half. All of a sudden you're tied after -- which probably wasn't your ideal half of a season as a team. How did you feel at that point knowing you go in the locker room with that type of wind behind your back?
ROBERT CARTWRIGHT: We've been a resilient team all year. We know if we're down we have the guys and the character necessary to come back. But obviously it was a huge shot, and we trust Max to hit those kind of shots for us, and he did. And we just came into the locker room with a lot of confidence because we knew we didn't play our best half of the season.

And we really believed, look, we keep doing what the coaches stress, we can get this win. And if we keep executing play after play, we will have a really good shot at the end, and that's what we did.

Q. You guys were tied at 30 at the half. What did Coach tell you to kind of keep that energy up and ultimately have a great second half?
RUSSELL TURNER: Let's see what they remember (laughs).

ROBERT CARTWRIGHT: Well, Coach just wants us to keep executing, make sure that we don't let up in any single way. He made some adjusts. I can't reveal those, but we just come out, continue to do what we need to do every single play, and Coach made sure that we remember what the important things are to stress, and he just said keep working hard defensively, keep rebounding and stop them in transition and take away their threes, and that's what we did.

Q. Guys, sometimes it felt more like a home game than a neutral site. How much did that energy contribute to keeping it up?
EVAN LEONARD: That was definitely one of the things I noticed right off the bat, you know, the noise. I don't think I've ever been in an arena that was that loud. So at times it kind of made it hard, but, you know, like you said, it definitely felt like a home game, and a lot of our fans traveled with us. So we appreciate that so much.

Q. For any of the players, one of your teammates yesterday recalled before the season your coach saying that the goal this year was not just to make the tournament but to advance in the tournament. Does anybody remember that speech from before the season?
MAX HAZZARD: Yeah. We've had three goals all year, and that was to win the regular season championship, the tournament championship and advance in the NCAA Tournament. And that doesn't just mean one game. We have another game on Sunday, and we're planning to put ourselves in position to win again, and hopefully we can do that and play into next weekend.

MODERATOR: Okay. Thanks, guys. We'll turn the question to Coach Turner.

RUSSELL TURNER: Good job, fellas.

Q. Russell, this team has had a ton of depth all year, and first half Elston Jones came in there and stabilized things, turned things around. What can you tell us about him and his impact on this game?
RUSSELL TURNER: Elston is the Sixth Man of the Year in our conference, and we've seen him do many times we did tonight, when we play against a team from a Power conference like that, we have to be able to match their physicality, their size and strength.

And Elston was phenomenal on defense, in his pick and roll defense. He scored in the first half, but the defensive impact he has in protecting the rim and playing their guards in the pick and roll is special, and it doesn't get noticed very often.

But he was terrific. And I'm not surprised. You know, he was ready for this game, like our guys all were, I think, and embraced his role and attacked the game to make an impact, and he got it all done.

Q. What were you guys able to do to take Brown out of his game?
RUSSELL TURNER: Well, we drew an offensive foul. That's critical. And we knew, you know, the best way to defend guys who are great players is if you can get fouls on him. So you want to draw a charge. In that case we drew a push-off. I thought it was a clear push-off that Max drew, but he did a good job selling it, too, which is a big part of the things that we work on in certain situations.

We knew that we had to make a crowd around Brown and we had to do that repeatedly. We knew that there were a few specific things we wanted to take away from him, and for the most part we did that. But I thought he got discouraged a little bit with the second foul and being limited in the first half.

I would have done the same thing that they did in holding him out. In fact, I did that for the most part with Cartwright because I didn't want him to get his third, and we weathered the storm while he was out in the first half and gained some confidence when they missed a bunch of shots that they made to start the game.

Q. You've been building this thing for a while now. Does this feel like this is a long time coming to get this breakthrough in the tournament?
RUSSELL TURNER: I mean, yeah, in some ways it feels like it's a long time. In some ways it doesn't feel like it's been that long at all. We made the tournament in I think my fifth year. This is now the ninth, and it's really hard to make the tournament from our league. And we've been consistently good in our league, so we're proud of the sustained success that we've established, the type of guys we have, the type of program we have.

But we want to keep getting better. We have visions of potentially growing into something greater. You know, every player dreams of that. Every program sort of dreams of that. This was a big step toward that tonight. You know, UC Irvine, folks, I don't know, live in the shadow, live like little brothers to UCLA and SC and maybe some others, Cal, Stanford, San Diego State. Maybe like little brothers.

Well, little brother has been in the weight room, getting better, getting ready for a chance like this. So I'm really happy for these players to be able to work so hard for something everybody can see and then accomplish it. But I'm also really excited for the fans of our program who also seem to have endured feeling like little brothers. You know, we need to stick our chests out a little bit right now, I believe.

Q. Do you talk about that dynamic of where you guys kind of fall in the pecking order of teams in the state? Is that motivation at all?
RUSSELL TURNER: I spoke about it a few weeks ago because I wanted to draw attention to the fact that we were succeeding at the level we were, and I knew that was a gamble, because you could easily fall flat. And we could have easily lost in the Big West tournament like we did a year ago.

Or we could have easily come out here tonight against a Big 12 team like a lot of other 14 seeds did and get blown out. But we seemed to gain momentum with this group off of our confidence, and I think that's because we've earned it. And so that's fun, you know. It ain't bragging if you're doing it, Yogi Berra said.

Q. Was that a box in one in the end of the first half, and can you tell us how many different types of looks you gave them defensively that threw them off?
RUSSELL TURNER: Yeah. I mean, sort of. The answer to that is, yeah, sort of, the way we defend. You know, we always play great man-to-man defense. We have a two-three zone that we can, you know, shift in certain ways, and that's what we did tonight. And we've done that before. We also did that in the Big West Tournament championship game. So those guys probably saw that that might happen.

But the belief that our guys showed and the things that we asked for them to do to execute those defenses was outstanding. We played box in one for a little while in the first half when Brown was out, and mostly down the stretch we played our zone, our regular zone, and our guys did it the way we've worked on doing it, and we didn't do it that much in the regular season this year because of the matchups we had in our league. But we were able to do that in a big stage, in a big moment, against a team that was forced into a position of struggling because their best zone offensive player is hurt and out. You got a big guy that can pass in the zone, that's really valuable. We knew we wanted to use the zone in this game, maybe shift it some, but not overuse it. And I thought that's exactly the way it unfolded.

Q. What does this win mean to you, as a head coach of the organization? You talked about what it means to the players and the community, but having so many ups and downs throughout the years, what does this win, like how precious is it to you and just moving forward in the tournament, not even in the tournament, just in general in the future of your coaching career and everything in UCI? Can you just talk about that?
RUSSELL TURNER: I mean, yeah, I guess. I mean, yeah, it's special. It's special on a personal level with any goal that you set and reach. But it's not that more meaningful than others. You know, I've played in Division III. And when I was a player we accomplished what this team accomplished. Didn't mean any less then and there than it does for us here and now. It is gratifying to see how much our success means to so many people. That's gratifying on a personal level. But I know that that's the product of a lot of people working together, and believing. And it's kind of nice when your belief is validated.

MODERATOR: All right. Thanks, Coach.

RUSSELL TURNER: Thank you guys.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Caleb, can you pinpoint any time previously in any games or at some point tonight where you knew that your shot was going to fall like it did there during a stretch where you hit 7 of 8 and scored 14 of 16 points to get the team the lead?
CALEB HOMESLEY: Yeah. I think that I just played confident. I think any shot that I take is going to go in. It just happened tonight that they were falling. But I just want to say thank you to the guys that were playing with me on the court. I thought they set me up into certain positions where I could score the ball, and I thought the coaches did a really good job of calling plays whenever I got hot. I'm really thankful for the guys that put me in the spots to score.

Q. I'm sure you guys know the stat that 75 points is kind of the magic number. They beat that tonight. What was it about your offense that was able to maybe pick up the slack there when you fell behind?
MYO BAXTER-BELL: I would just say ball movement, and we're a very unselfish team. We don't care who shoots it. Any shot somebody takes is a shot that the team earns. I thought we did a good job sharing the ball, moving the pieces, and we got some good looks that we wanted.

Q. Caleb, they were up by 10 midway through the second half. What's going through your all's minds and what were you able to do to stick with it and be able to come back?
CALEB HOMESLEY: We have a really good group of guys, high character, and everybody on the team believed we were going to come back. It was just a matter of time that we were going to make a run. They made a pretty big run. We couldn't get the stops that we needed. I thought we kept playing Liberty basketball on both ends of the court, and, like I said, all of our guys believed that we were going to come back.

Q. Caleb, when is the last time you scored 30 points, and at what point did you think this might be my night?
CALEB HOMESLEY: It's been a while, but like I said, I'm just thankful for the places that I was in. Like I said, my guys were just setting me up. It could have been anybody any given night, but tonight it was me.

Q. Myo, for you, you brought that spark off the bench in the first half when the team only hit two points in the first seven trips. It's been that way this year. Bench brings the production. What did you see out there that you knew you could be effective not only scoring but also distributing the ball?
MYO BAXTER-BELL: Just coming off the bench with the energy, seeing what we lacked, sitting there the first three minutes, four minutes. So, I mean, Scottie is a really good player and he felt like he didn't get off to a good start, but that's what teammates are for. We pick each other up. When I'm not off to a good start off, Scottie is there. When he's not off, pick each other up and we keep going and we just keep pulling away. It was a great team effort.

Q. Caleb, what does this win mean for you guys as a program?
CALEB HOMESLEY: I think it means something, first NCAA Tournament win. But I don't think that we're done yet. I think our guys believe that whenever we step into a venue that we're going to win the game.

Q. For being a little ways from home, seemed like you had a lot of support tonight. What did that mean to you guys?
CALEB HOMESLEY: It was big, huge. We love whenever our fans travel, and we love the fans we have.

Q. Myo, their size on the post, how much did that affect what you and Scottie were able to do? You two are normally very efficient down low. How much did their size affect what you guys were able to do?
MYO BAXTER-BELL: It obviously is going to affect us, their length and physicality, but you just pick your spots and know when to attack, know when to draw the help and kick it out. It was just a matter of picking our spots and being smart.

MODERATOR: Thank you, fellas. We'll turn it over to Coach McKay.

Q. Caleb was pretty nonchalant about 30 points. How about from your perspective?
RITCHIE MCKAY: I thought it was special. I'm not as chalant about it. (Laughs). He took over. He's done that on occasion for us. He's had spurts. UCLA comes to mind. When he starts to feel good about his shot, he's such a dangerous offensive player because he can score at all three levels, but he's also a tremendous passer. He has great vision.

So I just think he was feeling it tonight, and, like he said, his teammates did a good job of getting him the ball. And we also set some screens that were important to the cause.

Q. The timeout you took down 10 with about six and change left seemed reminiscent to the Jacksonville game at Jacksonville when you were down 10, took a timeout, then all of a sudden those guys responded. What did you say in that huddle and all of a sudden things started clicking?
RITCHIE MCKAY: I said if we come back, we'll go to In-N-Out burger. (Laughs). No, you know, again, our guys are a group that we're trying to be about what you do every day, and I think we felt like we could come back if we started valuing each possession. There's no ten-point plays.

So I just think it shows the character of our group. I think we're connected. And again, to beat a team that is of that quality, it's a hard thing to do. So especially the way they were going in that middle part of the second half.

Q. When you're building a program like this, what does a win on this stage do for you guys?
RITCHIE MCKAY: You know, I've never won the NCAA Tournament as a head coach. So I'll tell you in a little while.

I think for our guys, it's just validation that the things that we've asked of them, the things that we decided as a group, not just our leadership but our players that we were going to be committed to, I think it's the life behind the message, if you will, that if you do things the right way and if you just keep pursuing it as opposed to being just about the outcome, I think really good things can happen.

So moving forward, Liberty is such a special place. We've been able to recruit really, really good -- I'm sorry. Really, really well. And I think that'll continue because a win like this gives you a little bit more visibility.

Q. As you know, this is the third straight upset here today. What is it about San Jose and its water?
RITCHIE MCKAY: (Laughs). I watched the Irvine game, was really impressed with them. And I know Kansas State is a little down without Dean, but that was a great win. And then we were here for the Oregon-Wisconsin game. But Oregon is not a 12 seed. They're really good. I think that's their ninth win in a row. I'm just glad we don't have to play either of them. But then again, in about five minutes I'm going to be sorry we gotta play one of these teams, too.

I think San Jose has had a really fun regional. So let's see if we can keep it going.

Q. Guys were 6 and 6 from the free throw line down the stretch, I think 8 of 10 in the last minute. Free throw efficiency-wise, you're one of the best in the nation. Does it show just how good of a shooting team is that down the stretch in pressure that these guys are confident and can hit some free throws when they need to?
RITCHIE MCKAY: Yeah, I think that's -- we've been consistent from the line. I'm not sure about year two, but the last two years, I think we've been in the Top 10. Our guys, they concentrate when they get up there. We shoot them in practice, and I just don't think they're overwhelmed by the circumstances or that monster of unbelief that creeps up on some of us. I think our guys are just -- we're just about the process, and I think that helps a little bit.

Q. You mentioned they're both day one guys. What's the backstory about how Caleb ended up at Liberty?
RITCHIE MCKAY: Caleb was signed by the previous staff. Coach Layer and his staff did a great job of getting him. But he hurt his knee his senior year, so he didn't play one game. We had no idea if he was any good or not. As a matter of fact, I want to say about the first six weeks -- he'll tell you this story -- I told him Division II isn't a bad level. I've played Division II, and if you don't work harder than you're working, you're going to end up at a different level, because your talent isn't living up to your ability. And he flipped the script. He's been a part-time starter for us, and now I think he's a pro.

Myo Baxter-Bell had an issue with his academic slate, and he didn't have much going, and we knew how good of a player he was, but he was even a better person. And Kyle Getter, who is now at Virginia, did a great job of recruiting him, and we got him.

And that kid, he's a neat guy. I love him to death. So those two and Lovell Cabbil are day one guys, and Zach Farquhar also. He was a manager to start, and about a week into it we put him on scholarship. That's how much of a contribution he's made. So love those guys, and I'm really happy for them that they get a chance to experience this.

Q. Asked yesterday about the magnitude of this moment and how those guys have used this year, these games to be in position to win. Down 10, did you sense in that hole that the magnitude was not too big for them to still stay composed and get back into it?
RITCHIE MCKAY: Did you already have your story written six minutes ago? Like was it -- you sure? Okay. Yeah, I'm proud of them. Like we actually reference in the locker room at halftime all the games that we played against the Power 5s. I think it was Vanderbilt, Georgetown, Alabama, and UCLA. It's a one-possession game at halftime, and those teams, other than UCLA, would get away from us.

We actually -- the best team we played all year prior to tonight was Virginia Tech in that charity game. Not saying that Mississippi State is better than them. I just think Virginia Tech is a special team. So I do think the nonconference schedule, yeah, it prepared us for this assignment, and again, we're really, really blessed to have an opportunity to continue to play.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Q, it seemed like you really had your game tonight. You was aggressive and making your free throws. When you have your game working like that, how frustrating and, like Coach said, how tough of a pill is it to swallow when you play that well and ultimately your career ends on a game like that?
QUINNDARY WEATHERSPOON: I mean, I just give the credit to my teammates. I mean, we all came out and played hard. Lamar had it going, and the team I think we played a great game. So I'm good with the career that I had at Mississippi State.

Q. Q, up 10 with about five minutes to go, just what happened in that sequence to let the game get away from y'all?
QUINNDARY WEATHERSPOON: I mean, we had a lot of mistakes on defense, and I think we took some questionable shots, but, I mean, I love these guys, and I'd do the same thing over again with them.

Q. Lamar, kind of the same question. You're up 10, and what happened down the stretch in your opinion?
LAMAR PETERS: Felt like when me and Q picked up our four fouls, it kind of made us play timid offense. It made us settle for threes because we didn't want to go out of control and draw a charge. So it made us play timid. And I felt like we should have just got better ball movement, but I take all responsibility for that because I'm the point guard and I'm supposed to run the team and make sure we get the ball flowing instead of us just settling, because I feel like we had the game in control until we picked up those fouls, and it made us play a little timid.

Q. Lamar, I saw you towards the end of the game, they went in for that foul, Braxton went down for the foul and got fouled on the lay-up. Kind of crouched down. What was going through your head in that moment? And to that point also, what was working for you tonight?
LAMAR PETERS: At that moment I was just thinking about the season ending, like be my last time playing with Q and Aric and T.J. Gray. So it was like a lot going through my mind, processing a lot at that time. And also I missed the shot. I felt like it was going to go in. So it all hurt, it's a hard pill to swallow because we put in so much work coming into this moment.

And I felt like we played hard. Just a few mental breakdowns that we couldn't control. But I had a fun time with these guys, and I love them, too.

Q. Robert, as a freshman playing on this stage and Q and Lamar have worked so long to get to this stage. How encouraging is it to build off of this from this point on?
ROBERT WOODARD II: First I would like to think God for this opportunity. Just building off of it, Q, Lamar, Aric, they have been great leaders to this team. They've motivated us well, as well as teaching the young guys, the freshmen on how to control ourselves and how to stay consistent throughout the season.

So just going through the season with them, we've learned a lot, and we're just going to use these games as teaching lessons to move forward.

MODERATOR: Anything else? I think we're good with the players. We'll have questions for Coach.

Q. Ben, how pleased -- what was your thought on the shot selection over the last stretch? You only made one of the last ten shots that you put up from the field. What were your thoughts on the shot selection?
BEN HOWLAND: Yeah, we took a couple of outside shots that were probably ill advised. In listening to Lamar, I'm sure that was going through their minds a little bit, having foul trouble there late and not wanting to pick up there -- Q had one at the rim that was actually a missed shot, but it was a great shot, you know, and he just missed it, playing through contact.

You know, we had -- it worked -- I mean, it was about the worst both ways. I mean, we were getting some bad defensive possessions down there, and I think fatigue hurt us today. There's no question, because we had to play small. They're a matchup where Homesley is a 4 that's really a 3. So you're trying to match up with him, so I'm playing Robert most of his minutes today where as a 4 man, and there was no one to spell the other three, and in a game like this, that was tough.

You know, the fouls really bothered us down the stretch because you stop the clock, and they're scoring from the line. I'll watch the film over in terms of our shot selection. And I thought we got a little anxious probably because we had that ten-point lead and you're seeing it just -- and I'd used our timeouts. I'd used one of them just to get us there to where we could finish the game and still have enough left in the tank to be able to do it.

Q. What did you think of the defense you guys had on Homesley?
BEN HOWLAND: Like he made one in the first half on Q in the first half at the end of the shot clock that couldn't be defended any better, and he just knocked it down. And it really got him some confidence and got him going, I thought, from that shot forward. And late he had us in the backdoor. They ran a nice little play where they're feeding the post and screening out of it and then bringing him high and a little pindown, which we'll see we missed a couple times.

I'll tell you what, their point guard hit a huge shot from three on a little handoff and came behind and knocked that down. That was the only one he took like that all day. But I've seen it a few times on film. He made big shots. He's a really good player, Cabbil, made all his foul shots. So those two guys right there, he was the other guy, and he made his foul shots down the stretch, which he wasn't missing. They're a great foul shooting team.

Q. Obviously we already talked about the fouls and how much that affected the way you guys played the last six or seven minutes, but how much of it could have been your guys are looking at the scoreboard, you do have a ten-point lead. Do you feel like you guys were sort of sensing -- it felt like in the crowd, too, that you guys were sort of maybe sensing that a win was within reach and then everything just sort of fell apart?
BEN HOWLAND: Are you trying to say we got overconfident? I don't think that. I mean I think about everything that could go wrong for us went wrong. And that's tough because these guys are hurting pretty bad in that locker room right now, after feeling good up ten, but, you know, the thing's never over till it's over. And our guys have had enough experience to know that and seen enough during their careers to know that.

Q. What did you get from Lamar Peters and his contribution to the game tonight?
BEN HOWLAND: I thought Lamar really shot the ball well and was really effective offensively and got some nice passes from Q, and did a good job knocking down three. And I also was excited to see him finish at the rim. And think about there's another lay-up where he missed it in the first half on the right hand. If you go back and look at some of our layups, like Reggie had one in the second half that was like I couldn't believe it came back out. But I thought Lamar had a really good game, and I mean I want to say that, you know, in terms of Q, Q had a phenomenal career. To finish with over 2,000 points in his career at Mississippi State, you know, he improved every year. I'm just so proud of Q and Aric for everything they provided for our team over the last four years and what they did to help this program get back in the NCAA Tournament. Will always be very thankful and really, really appreciative of their efforts and what they've done for Mississippi State basketball.

MODERATOR: Great. We'll close it out right there. Thanks, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Ethan, what would you say was the difference there in that second half? You guys were tied in the first half. What happened after that?
ETHAN HAPP: We got a little out of character on the defensive end. I think Coach mentioned it briefly about how our defense has kind of held us together all season long, and then for that stretch there it kind of went away from us. We can't be trading buckets. And there was a couple of times we came down and didn't score and they were hitting threes. That's kind of how that lead grew.

Q. Ethan, what were they doing defensively against you to make things difficult?
ETHAN HAPP: For the most part, they were -- you know, they switched it up. Sometimes they were coming with the double team right away, or sometimes they were waiting until I was on the interior. But either way, they were -- you know, there was extra bodies around me all the time. So they were trying to force me to take it out and have other guys make plays.

Q. What did you think of the quality of the looks that you guys got today?
D'MITRIK TRICE: Honestly, I think that we got pretty good looks. I thought Ethan did a really good job of getting out when the double team came, and I think we reversed the ball really, really well. It was just a matter of making shots, and more times than not we obviously missed them.

Q. Ethan, how frustrating is it for you in the middle in the paint when they came from nowhere, virtually, and block shots, a high-flying team. How frustrating is that for you guys in the paint?
ETHAN HAPP: It can be frustrating, but there's definitely ways that we can counter that. Sometimes I had lapses where I didn't do those things, extra pivots, pump fakes, whatever it may be, or just recognize that there's going to be an extra body and find another open teammate.

Q. The Oregon guys were just up here a little bit before, and they said that they thought they got in your head with a couple of the blocks and their athleticism, how high they were getting. Do you feel like that happened at all in the second half?
ETHAN HAPP: No.

MODERATOR: We'll open it up to Coach now.

Q. I know it goes without saying it's going to be tough to lose, but what will you take away from this season when you're unfortunately at this point?
GREG GARD: Well, as I told the team, you get to this point in time, and if you have a bad ten minutes, a bad eight minutes -- we had a bad seven. It doesn't tarnish. It stings for a while, but it doesn't tarnish what this group accomplished to get to this point, to have a really good regular season to get us into the tournament. And obviously we knew we were going to have to play well. We were playing a team that was hot, playing a team that was really obviously playing exceptionally well.

And in order to advance in this, you have to make shots. You can live on your defense for so long, but then, as Ethan mentioned, we had a few defensive lapses and some breakdowns, and they were able to capitalize on that, and we were never able to get back and climb back uphill. And this group has had some of that identity all year. Scoring has not been the easiest thing for us.

But this group has done a great job. Those three seniors have been through a lot. They've been through a transition. They've understood what it takes to get back to this, and they've committed themselves to it, and I think they have left a very good legacy in terms of the younger guys behind them, what it takes to play at a high level and to be very competitive and put yourself in position to get back here again down the road.

I thought they battled through a lot this year, and unfortunately, like I said, you have a bad stretch and only one team goes on. You don't get to play a series. So this group did a good job of -- the older guys did a good job of showing the way for the younger guys and reestablishing how we need to do things at Wisconsin.

Q. Ethan said that the blocks did not get in his head, but curious what you thought about Oregon athleticism and its impact on the game?
GREG GARD: Yeah, I thought they plugged gaps. It's one thing to watch on tape and get a feel, but I thought they squeezed the floor. Even when there wasn't blocked shots, so to speak, they had bodies around. There was a presence around.

And in order to counter that, you have to be able to make some perimeter shots to loosen them up and get them second guessing. Whether they come as quickly, come as hard, come as far, and that's what we weren't able to do. And that's what with this group has kind of been the Achilles heel the last month. We haven't shot it well from the perimeter. They did a good job. I don't know if the blocks were the end-all, be-all in the game, but I thought their presence and how they were able to squeeze the paint, and we weren't able to make them counter and pay for that, was a big difference.

Q. It looked like Ethan took it pretty hard at the end of the game, and he's a guy who puts a lot of pressure on himself normally. Is there anything that you've said to him in particular about his game or his career ending?
GREG GARD: Well, I think anybody that's committed this much to their career over five years would take it hard. I mean, that's natural. He's invested an awful lot into his personal game, into our program. He's been extremely committed to improving and helping those younger guys grow through last year and this year.

So I would expect nothing less than him taking it hard, as all our seniors are taking it. And I think the things I passed on to him and the other two guys, Khalil and Charlie, was thank you. That's the biggest thing is thank you for all you've done.

It hurts right now. It doesn't feel good right now, but you'll look back as time goes on and realize that you did a lot of really good things and had a great experience and the program is in a better position because of your impact on it.

Like I say, that's the biggest thing, is just thank them for what they've done, because they've all committed an awful lot over the last four or five years.

Q. Is that kind of the definition of a tough 12 seed when you get a Power 5 conference champion that's coming in winning eight in a row?
GREG GARD: Yeah. I mean, numbers, you can throw numbers out. We've been a 12 and won. We've been a 2 and gotten beat. So once you get beyond the two line, really, things start to even out. And I knew -- I don't get caught up in the seeds because we've been everything from a 1 to a 12 and have had success both ways with it.

We knew we were going to play a really good team. You're either playing a team that's hot coming -- like Oregon winning the conference tournament, or you're going to play a team that has a really good regular season.

So either way, all the average and bad teams are on spring break. So you know you're going to play a really good opponent. And like I said, for that seven-, eight-minute stretch, they were more consistent and did a better job than we did, and that's where just in a small little bit of slippage it can get away from you.

Q. I asked Coach Altman about the penetration of Pritchard going to the middle and how much it hurt you guys. He said that wasn't in their game plan. But from your perspective, it was difficult to contain him when he drove to the hoop. Was that a key do you think?
GREG GARD: Yeah. I think the difference was Payton Pritchard. There's no doubt. When you have a point guard of that quality, he can make a lot of things happen, whether it's for himself or the assists, the pressure he puts on your defense. Obviously he hit a deep three there in the first half as well. He's a really good player. There's nothing that we saw today that I didn't see on film and knew that he was going to be a handful because he puts so much pressure on you in those ball screen situations. He's a good decision-maker. He competes. He's savvy. He's smart. So I felt that was a big key in terms of his play, and especially -- really, the whole game, but in that stretch where they were able to take command, he was in control of the game.

MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. For both you guys, Coach just talked about the resiliency you guys showed in the second half. Why do you think the game got away from you in the first half? What wasn't working for you guys?
JAVON BESS: We just came out too slow. We kind of just relied on knowing we didn't having big second halves the past four games in the conference tournament. You play a team that's as good as them, it hurts. It hurt us in the end.

HASAHN FRENCH: I agree with what Javon said, and I just feel like the first half we really weren't as aggressive as we were in the second half, as you guys could see. If we just did the little things in the first half and not rely on the second half, we would have been fine.

Q. Javon, can you just reflect on your time here as a SLU Billiken? I know it was a tough way to go out, but how would you rate your overall time here?
JAVON BESS: I feel like it was a good way to go out, to be honest with you. I got to be with guys that I love, this coach who helped me, gave me an opportunity to play at the next level. I love Coach Ford for that and I love my teammates for that, and I wouldn't trade it for the world. I had a great experience here at SLU. Like Coach said, we set the foundation, Team Blue. We started that last year, and this is the standard now. That's what I told the freshmen and sophomores, this is the standard. Gotta get SLU back going. The tournament is nothing less. Anything less than making the tournament is a failure.

Q. Hasahn, moving forward next season, what do you want to see from the team, and what do you think you guys need to do in order to make that next step?
HASAHN FRENCH: As Javon said, this is the standard. So I believe that we set a great foundation this year for what we need next year. Coach has done great this year leading us. Even last year did a great job leading us. And I know he's going to do that next year, and I'm just going to try to follow his lead.

As a leader for this team next year, I'm just going to try to come back better, way better, work hard this summer. And the new guys that are coming in, try to show them the way. Also they can look up to guys like Javon Bess and see how much work he put into his game and look at those guys and think they can do something special like that.

MODERATOR: Anything else?

Q. Coach, I was just wonder if you could talk a little bit about that, especially the first 10, 12 minutes. And did you sense nerves, or just was Virginia Tech do you feel that good?
TRAVIS FORD: I thought we were very sluggish. Thought we had early fatigue. And I've seen that before. You know, these guys have been on such a roller coaster and on such a high to an extent. And a few things I was concerned about and I didn't address it with our team, we beat this team last year. And they knew that. Virginia Tech had been talking a lot about that. And we didn't talk a lot about it because I think that's, you know -- when you win the game and you're a different team, it doesn't do a whole lot of good. I know they did a lot of it to try to motivate their team, as well as I would have.

And they came out blazing, aggressively. And we were just sluggish and couldn't get anything going. And just felt like we were just in quicksand. And every stat went against everything that we're about, from offensive -- I think we had two offensive rebounds off 16 missed shots. I think we had 12 turnovers in the first half. I can go down the line. I think they shot whatever percentage, some crazy percentage. And as you know, that's not really common for us.

So we had a little talk at halftime, and we made some adjustments, some pretty big adjustments, and I think the guys found their second wind, found their second wind and kind of regrouped and made a run at it. And I thought we were a loose ball, couple of loose balls that we actually had, from really -- easy to say, but I thought it could have gotten really interesting, very interesting.

But Virginia Tech, give them credit. There's a reason they finished at the top of one of the best leagues -- the best league in America in the ACC, and they've beaten the likes of Duke and go down the line. That is an extremely veteran basketball team we just played, very veteran, very, very well coached.

How they play defense is -- kind of combats our style of play a little bit. And give them credit. It was a little bit of a tough matchup, but I'm just really proud of how our guys regrouped at halftime and went out and really played well the second half.

Q. Coach, I know it was a tough way to go out, but with the guys you have coming back and the recruits you have coming in, would you say that this is the expectation for your team moving forward, to be playing in the Big Dance?
TRAVIS FORD: Well, yeah. You know, it's hard to already start thinking ahead too much, but absolutely. You know, one thing I talked to our team about in the locker room after the game was I don't know how many teams -- there's 360-something teams in America, how many teams have improved as much as we have improved in three years, year after year, and just keep -- you know, gotten better every year.

And that's a testament to the guys in that locker room and sticking together through tough times. And as I told them, you learn so much through adversity. You learn so much, if you allow yourself. If you're humble enough to learn during tough times, and we've had some tough times, if you're humble enough to sit back and learn from it, then it can really benefit you down the road. It can really benefit you.

And I think we've used -- you know, we've been able to use some of that to help us grow and get better and continue to improve the program. But you know, we've had great support from the administration, from fans, to everybody. And this -- I said it from the first day of my press conference, in order to build a program and get it to where, it takes everybody. It takes everybody. Managers. You know, our guys gave our managers a round of applause in the locker room. Coaches. It takes everybody.

I mean, this is -- it's not easy. It's -- it's a lot of long hours and a lot of sacrifices and commitments from a lot of people. And when you get to experience something like this, it makes it all well worth it. And the relationships -- I told them, you know, winning is fun. Making it to the NCAA's a blast, memory of a lifetime. But the relationships that were built in that locker room that will last forever. In preparing these young men to leave SLU, that's what this is all about. And along the way you get to experience -- if you're lucky enough. Not every -- this is -- you know, you earn the right to be here. And this is just kind of a bonus.

Q. Coach, can you tell me what you hope Fred, Hasahn, and Jordan take away from this opportunity?
TRAVIS FORD: Yeah. Hopefully they learn from the seniors, they get a taste of this and see what all this is about, because they had no clue. They had no idea. They've always heard of the NCAA Tournament. They've always watched it on TV. But they didn't really grasp what this is all about. And I tried to explain it to them, you know. But until you experience it, you really don't know.

And I can remember the very first time I ever went to the NCAA Tournament as a player and as a coach. Boy, once you experience it, you just want it so much more.

You know, when you -- when you have a little success, it's interesting to see how people respond. Some people get very comfortable in success, and some people it makes them work that much harder to want more of it. And I'm anxious to see how they respond to this, and I think they'll respond that they want more of this and they want to even do more. And I think they gained a lot of valuable experience from this.

Q. Travis, you talked yesterday about how you had studied Buzz and kind of all along there. What was it about Buzz's defense today that made it such a tough shooting day for you guys?
TRAVIS FORD: Well, it's nothing new what they've done all year long. They do a great job of protecting the paint. They do a great job of getting in the gaps, and they're fast and quick. The biggest thing I was concerned about with their team is their speed. Compared to us, we're a physical team, they've got speed and quickness and they use that on defense and they use it on offense, from cutting to passing.

But they did a great job, especially in the first half, of keeping us off the glass. We got back to being us in the second half and were able to -- you know, they had us taking a lot of long shots in the first half, and long shots are harder to rebound than shots at the rim. And we made a special effort to get the ball where we wanted to get it in the second half, and we did a much better job of getting the ball where we wanted, offensive rebounding and playing kind of to our identity and the way we wanted the game to be played, and the way we had played it from the beginning.

But give them credit. They really did a great job of forcing us into turnovers and forcing us into tough shots in the first half. Tough shots are hard to rebound.

Q. Coach, can you talk a little bit about Javon Bess and what you think his future holds?
TRAVIS FORD: Javon is -- I've said it many times. He's a young man who's really made an impact on me and on this program because he's about all the right things. His mom and dad have really done a great job of raising a very, very, very impressive young man.

I've had the privilege to know Javon for three years. In those three years, I've never had to call him into my office for missing a class, missing an assignment, for being late, for anything. Nothing. He has set an example for our other players, and I use him all the time, to what it means to really make yourself a player.

I'll never forget, I told him sitting in my office with him and his father on a recruiting visit, and he talked about how he wanted to get better at shooting, talked about how he wanted to get better at the guard spot, because at Michigan State they had him playing a four, and he wanted to play a wing. And he wanted to learn.

Well, a lot of kids say it. A lot of players will talk a great game, talk about what they want and what they want to accomplish. But it's who's willing to do the extra. They all gotta show up for practice. They all gotta show up for weightlifting.

But what do you do in your spare time? What do you do extra? That's what he's about. He's made himself a player. He's going to have a chance to play at the next level. I don't think there's any question he'll have a great chance to play at the next level because of the tangible things he can do and the character that he has as a person.

And you know all these things are true because you could ask every single person in our locker room. They would all tell you the exact same thing about Javon Bess. There wouldn't be any hesitation of what people think about Javon Bess.

And I've just -- like I said, he's made me -- he's made me a better coach, a better person, and I've really, really enjoyed being around him every day. And, yes, coaching him, but I've just enjoyed being in his presence every day and watching a young man really do things the right way and put in the time and be humble about it. Be humble, be very humble about it. I could sit up here all night long talking about Javon Bess.

MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach.

TRAVIS FORD: Thank you.

MODERATOR: Thanks, folks.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Dana, it looked like from the very beginning that Payton had his way to drive. Was that a conscious effort by you to exploit those driving lanes and get to the hole?
DANA ALTMAN: No. We felt like we could penetrate with Lou. We ran some things for Lou to try to get him to the basket. But Payton was aggressive. He got the ball up in the air to Kenny a couple of times, made a couple plays in there.

But it wasn't like our game plan, no. I think Payton realized early that he was able to get in there. He did have some turnovers with it, but I thought his aggressiveness, both offensively and defensively, was good for us.

Q. Lou, have you been in this situation before, it looked like where you were fighting through some pain, maybe, and can you remember a situation in other big games, and how did you do that?
LOUIS KING: I could go back to the Arizona State game in the Pac-12 Tournament. You know, I just kept fighting through it. I know that we needed that win. And fighting adversity and missing shots, and I felt like playing defense was just going to get us the win.

Q. Paul, you struggled in the first -- or, actually, you didn't put any shots up. I think you were 0 for 2 in the first half. Did you come out expecting to try more offense in the second half? Was that something, since you were scoreless in the first half?
PAUL WHITE: I mean, me personally, I'm not someone that's going to force anything. I think the coaches, they were just telling me to just stick with it, things were going to open up eventually. Me having two fouls in the first half kind of crippled me as well because they're a team that's very good at taking offensive fouls or charges.

I think second half, with a lot of the penetration, late shot clock situations, I just saw some things that were open, and I just decided to exploit it.

Q. How did a team like this go from losing horrifically to USC to now running off with nine straight wins and beating a 5 seed by 18 points?
PAUL WHITE: I think, well, for starters, you know, that game against USC, it really didn't embody who we are as a team. I think after that game, that's when we really start to reward the people, such as like Francis Okoro, who have had a very positive spirit. And I think that change has been very big for us, and everybody has kind of fell in line with that.

So I think everybody is fine with how this team has shaped up now, and I think we're -- like I said before, we're playing the best basketball of our entire year now.

LOUIS KING: I would say the same thing as him. Like Francis and Ehab Amin coming off the bench and exploding into the defensive role they needed to and playing big minutes for us.

Q. For both of you, you turned a team that averages about nine and a half turnovers a game to, what was it, 15. Defense has been big the last nine games, but especially today in the second half. Talk to me about that.
LOUIS KING: In the first half, we lapsed on some of the open shots. We didn't contest and get out on the open shooters. We went into the locker room, we talked about it, came out the second half ready to roll.

PAUL WHITE: Yeah, I think coming out in the second half, I mean, I'm not sure what were the turnovers we each had, but I know it was big for us going into the game that we get deflections. They're a very good team, especially Ethan Happ who's able to see over defenses and kind of exploit some of the mismatches.

So I think for this game we just wanted people to -- we wanted them to think twice about making an easy pass or kind of cut off some of those lanes, and I think it kind of turned out well for us.

Q. You just touched on it, but did you kind of sense it was kind of like the Washington game, close at the first half and a chance to break out? And what was the message from Coach at the end of the first half when it was so close?
LOUIS KING: It was a tie game at the end of the half. You know, he said we're playing the best basketball we've played. And we didn't want it to get any higher than it was, and coming out in the second half we knew we had 'em.

PAUL WHITE: Yeah, we talked about the Washington game at halftime. We said we've been in this position before. So we had a very big spark with Kenny being the defensive threat that he is in that second half, and I think that really set the tone.

Q. For both you guys. I'll start with Lou. Good interior defense on Happ. I think you had two or three blocks there late in the second half where he tried to wheel inside. Huge part of your game is rim protection. Did you sense that in that second half that they were being frustrated when they would go to the goal?
LOUIS KING: You know, Ethan, he's a good post player, so, you know, he likes to go baseline. We read that from the first half, and leading over to the second half we didn't want that to keep on happening. So we obviously read him, and he turned the ball over multiple times.

PAUL WHITE: I think one thing that we talked about was the moves that he was making whenever he would sense maybe a second defender coming his way. We did see that he loved the baseline. So we tried to take that away and kind of forced him to make a play, either for others or kind of just shoot over someone.

And I think Kenny did a great job of timing, timing whenever he was going to go up. And, you know, as a player, when you have somebody that athletic that you're facing, you think twice about certain shots that you take, certain passes that you make. So I think that second half we kind of planted that bug in his head, if -- I mean, and, you know, like I said, he's a great player. But I think we did a good job team-wise defensively.

MODERATOR: Okay. We'll excuse Louis and Paul, and we'll turn it over to Coach Altman for questions.

Q. Coach, can you talk a little bit about the defense that you folks put on Happ? He had 12 and 8 or something like that, well below his averages. The players talked about keeping him from going to the baseline, but what was the plan going in?
DANA ALTMAN: Well, anytime we had an opportunity to double him, we wanted to. You know, he's probably best as a play maker. The thing that I'm probably most happy is he didn't have the five assists that he averages. You know, zero assists and five turnovers. So he's a phenomenal passer in there, and you know, we wanted to make sure that when we did double him, our hands were high, that he couldn't get it out of the double easy. We made some mistakes on him a couple of times where we didn't rotate over.

But for the most part, I thought our guys really were aware of him. And then Kenny got a couple of his shots, and I think that helped us, put a thought in his mind. So just a really talented young man that averages 17 and 10 and 5 assists, and we were able to hold him under all those numbers today.

And I thought Kenny was a big part of that, but I thought our guys, just their awareness of where he was was a big factor.

Q. How has Payton's leadership sort of led you guys during this run you're on right now?
DANA ALTMAN: Man, he's been phenomenal. I mean, he went through a stretch there where he struggled a little bit. Man, he's -- he's been unbelievable. His aggressiveness, offensively and defensively, his leadership, toughness. He's just -- he's been on another level here.

And so really happy for him. Like I said, he went through the struggles like we all did during the year. But, man, is he playing some basketball. That was a heck of an effort. Like I said, if he'd have got a couple of those passes up a little bit more, out of his hands a little quicker and cut down his turnovers, you know, I couldn't have bitched about anything. He played that good.

So, again, we've made a big jump because of him, and then just the cohesiveness of the group. And, man, it's been so much fun coaching them this last month, and just because they're all in and they're all trying to help the team.

Q. Coach, you guys were on absolute fire in the second half, 17 for 24 from the field, 5 of 6 from the three. How much of a momentum does that give you heading into Sunday's game against UC Irvine who kind of had to struggle in their game?
DANA ALTMAN: It's a different game. We'll put this one to bed really quick, get to work tonight on Irvine.

I told our guys don't look at numbers. That's one thing about seeds, people look at numbers, and, man, you can't do that. They've won, what, 31 games. Haven't lost forever. I don't care -- you know, and that's -- so they beat a good Kansas State team, a team that we scrimmaged in the fall. We know how good Kansas State is, how athletic they are. So we know we're going to have to play.

And our guys, I told them enjoy this one until we get on the bus and leave the building, and then we gotta start thinking about Saturday. And fortunately our league plays that Thursday, Saturday. We're used to one day off, so hopefully our guys will get the recovery and bounce back quickly.

Q. Have you ever had a team flip the switch like this this late in the season? Was there anything to suggest it was coming?
DANA ALTMAN: No and no. I'm really surprised. I'm happy for the guys, and I am very proud of them. But I am surprised. We just -- we could never get on the same page, and I kept telling them we got none of this, guys (indicating). And they didn't have that between themselves. You know, we just weren't on the same page. And how quickly it changed.

You know, I'm just happy for the guys because, you know, we started October 1, you know, we're coming up on April 1. That's six months, and when you go through some frustration of injuries and losing guys and guys -- Kenny breaks his jaw. Paul's got a bad ankle. Lou's recovering from knee surgery the first ten games. We lose Bol. There's a lot of frustration. Guys want to play. And nothing clicked. And, boy, I blew a couple of games during the year, you know, where I just -- because I wasn't connected with the guys. I didn't know what to do, and I blew the games, and I told them that.

So, you know, to see them come like this and have so much fun, you know, that's -- you know, that's why we coach, just to see guys get together and have fun and play their tails off, and that's what they're doing right now.

Q. That was actually my question. But I was going to ask, are you even amazed more so now that they've strung out nine wins and the way that they've elevated their game from back then to where they are now? Does that even amaze you? You've been in the coaching game for so long.
DANA ALTMAN: Well, it's just great to see guys playing to their strengths, you know, Kenny blocking shots and getting some big rebounds, Paul making simple plays. I mentioned Payton. Lou, big shot after big shot tonight. You know, I mean he squared up on those threes. Every one of them was on balance. His footwork was unbelievable.

So to see guys playing at that high level, you know, Will had a couple of turnovers the first half, but, man, his second half, he stuck his nose in there and got some rebounds. So when you see guys playing at a high level for themselves, that's always good.

We live in a track community, and when guys are running at their best and getting personal bests, and I think our guys are doing what they do best. And hopefully we can keep playing. But Kenny maximized his game, 4 for 5 from the field, four big blocks, six rebounds, one assist, no turnovers. As I mentioned, Lou, 3 for 3 from three, and all three of them were great balance shots, just shot it like he meant it. Paul's second half, didn't miss a shot and goes 5 for 5, I think.

So, no, and like I said, Will, Payton, good job. Ehab, he's given us some defense. He got a little carried away with himself offensively. But I like our guys, and we're going to need Victor and Miles to stay ready because it's a long tournament.

Foul trouble, I thought we may get in a little foul trouble today. Payton picks up two in the first half, Paul has two in the first half. We had a little foul trouble there, and guys -- you know, you're in the tournament, gotta play with it. You know, we're going to play with it, you know. So really happy for the guys.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Galen, earlier this week you had mentioned about the difference this time around from last year, you were the newcomers. Do you have like an example of what's different or what the locker room is like from last year being the first time in a decade to now making your second one in a row?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: Just like the guys who never been to the NCAA Tournament, they were asking us what are we about to do now? We had all the answers. Just this and the open practice. How many people are going to be there? All the excitement, the questions we had last year, we had the answers to. We just know what to expect.

Q. Either one of you. You guys are such a big favorite on paper and you're the highest ranked seed against a team that most would say have no chance. Has the coach addressed the idea that anything can happen in this tournament, and what are your thoughts of being such a big favorite?
COREY DAVIS, JR.: I mean, I just really feel like paying attention to like what's going on in the media, like who is favored to do what, that never really -- like it doesn't resonate with us. We're always conscious of coming out, playing hard and playing cooler basketball. Doesn't matter what the opponent is, what their seeding is, how big the team is. It matters how hard we play and how intense we come out.

Q. A big point of emphasis has been made on Georgia State and their ability to shoot the 3. You guys also really good at defending the 3. Can you kind of talk about the confidence and the defense as a whole?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: I just have confidence in our coaching staff and the game plan they have for us to have success to defend the 3-point line. I know as a team we carry it -- we take a lot of pride in defense, but I believe in our game plan. That's what we're going to go by.

COREY DAVIS, JR.: Reiterating what Galen said. We have amazing confidence in our defense regarding guarding the 3. Whatever. We have a great amount of confidence in ourselves. I know with me on point, we're ahead of that. We're on point. The rest of the guys will follow through and we'll carry out our game plan.

Q. If you could describe maybe how Coach Sampson has changed the culture at Houston and really elevated things to 31 - 3 record is just amazing. When you first talk about the Phi Slama Jama, how about that?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: It's always great to kind of relate it back to Phi Slama Jama, what they -- the history they made. To even be compared to them is a blessing, definitely. You know, we want Cincinnati make history. We don't want to live in it. We want to make our own destiny and do something special that's never been done.

COREY DAVIS, JR.: I think Coach Sampson, like everyone already knows, he plays a big part in our success. He's taught us a lot. We've learned so much from him. He's taught us a new way of how to play basketball. We played with a lot of energy that we didn't know, me for certain. I didn't know until Coach Sampson introduced everything to me. Just what he shared on basketball to me. I give him all the credit, honestly.

Q. Corey, the NCAA posted a video a couple days ago that showed the life of a student-athlete. You tweeted jokingly -- obviously delete this, and there's a lot of reaction to it -- what is the life of a student-athlete truly like and specifically for you, because Kelvin has praised you for going to class and being studious. There's obviously a different version of that video.
COREY DAVIS, JR.: To just mildly put it, it's a lot harder than what the video shows. It's a lot more that goes into it than just trying to get sleep, going to class, enjoying your social life, going to practice. A lot more, especially emotionally, mentally that goes into the everyday life of a student-athlete.

Q. Galen you have 101 career wins at Houston. That's the second most. Can you just, in your wildest dreams, did you ever see that happening when you decided to play here? And then if you could kind of reflect on that and what it means to you.
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: In a nutshell, no. I really had no idea what I was getting myself into. But I believed in myself and I believed in Coach Sampson and the vision that he showed me.

You know, I just went in with a blindfold, and all I ever did was just meet the standard that he set for me, and, you know, I followed whatever he laid out before me. And by the grace of God, I had the kind of success I had. What was the second question again?

Q. Reflecting on it.
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: Yeah. Looking back at everything and how far we've come as a program, it's really nothing short of a blessing. Kind of like -- I don't know, I can't even put into words, but our new arena, the fan base. I remember we had to go to frat houses and knock on people's doors and "Come to the game."

They'll tell us, "We're coming. Just to get us to the game." I know they weren't coming to the game. I could hear my mom's voice -- like I can't even hear anymore. Coach Sampson, that's the dude. That's the guy.

Q. I'm not sure which one of you guys, in terms of D' Marcus Simonds, how y'all playing defensively if one of you will be on him, but what do you think of him and what they do on the defensive end? They run kind of variation of a 2 - 3 zone, like to mix it up a little bit. Have y'all seen much of that in terms of how maybe that will affect what you do, or does it nag you at all on the offensive end?
COREY DAVIS, JR.: Yeah, we've been watching a lot of film going over our scouting, our game plan the way we do. They have a great team. Simonds is a very great player. He does a lot with the ball, off the ball. They play kind of like a matchup zone. So I mean, speaking from a shooter's standpoint, I love zones. We're kind of prepared for that. We'll be ready.

GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: Piggyback on what he said. Simonds, he's definitely dynamic with the ball, lot of moves, real deep bag. In regards to the zone, our coaches are going to have a game plan. We know what it is, but we can't tell that to you guys.

Q. Galen, you mentioned that guys who haven't been here asking you questions. Do you have answers? No one had the answers for you guys last year. What difference do you think that will make in terms of the nerves and being prepared for what you will see this weekend?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: I remember last year coaches told us to attack it as just another basketball game. None of us ever been on that stage. We definitely have experience and we definitely -- we're definitely a pretty poised veteran group. We got an older team, veteran team. That plays into our favor in regards to any kind of scenario or environment that might be in front of us.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the Cougars of Houston? Okay. Gentlemen, thank you very much. Best of luck tomorrow.

As advertised, the head coach of the Cougars is here, Kelvin Sampson.

KELVIN SAMPSON: Anytime you make the tournament, it's a reward. Always thrilled to see our young kids and how they react to being in the tournament for the first time. We've got two freshmen, three sophomores that haven't played in the NCAA Tournament game, so I'm anxious to see -- actually two sophomores -- to see how they handle some things.

But I like -- our team. I've liked our team all year. Once we hit Thanksgiving, you kind of have a little bit of an idea, and by the time you get to Christmas, those are always kind of milestones for me over the years. Thanksgiving, Christmas. You hit Christmas, you kind of have an idea of whether you have a good team or not. Because you can still improve, but you kind of know who you are by then. I thought we were pretty good.

But how you do in close games -- we've won a ton but lost of a couple as well. Came out of a tough league. The thing I was most proud of how we played on the road, being 8 - 1 on the road in our league was outstanding for this group.

So, you go through the regular season and stack it up, and next thing you know, you're in the NCAA Tournament and here we are.

Q. Houston is obviously a very proud basketball program, traditionally. When you start throwing round first since Phi-Slama-Jama says a lot. How have you been able to elevate the program to this level, and how have you evolved as a coach getting to where you're at now?
KELVIN SAMPSON: Well, I've asked that question a lot, too. I think there's some dormancy. When the Big 8 expanded to the Big 12, I think Houston kind of become a little bit of an orphan. They were the only Texas school not to go to the Big 12. You know, they could have easily went with Baylor and Tech and -- I was in the Big 12, I should have known who the four teams were. A & M and Texas.

Then later when they reconstructed, TCU went in. Could have easily been in those groups. You know, fans, they want to connect to something. When they move conferences, I think they lost a little bit of the fan base. I think the administration I don't think valued basketball enough, and I don't think they invested. I think that's where it starts.

You know, basketball coaches and players, you know, win games. I know our people that follow us -- sick of me saying this, but our administration is the reason why. They stepped up. Before I got there, every four years they fired a coach. They didn't change anything. They were going to fire me in four years, too. I wasn't interested in going in that situation. We had to get some things ironed out, find out what their commitment was.

Even then, for a year and some change we played all our home games at Texas Southern University. It's been tough and fun. I've enjoyed every step of this adventure, this journey that we've been on getting this program back going. But you know what Coach Lewis did with Elvin Hayes and that group, what he did with the Phi Slama Jama era people can identify with, there was a history. There was -- it had been done. When something has been done before, it can be done again. It's just a matter of getting the right pieces and people together, and that's what we did.

Q. I need to read you some stuff that Ron Hunter said prior to you coming out here. He said, "I love Kelvin. When I was 6 years old, I think Kelvin was 60. I grew up wanting to be Kelvin. When your grandfather is coaching at the other end over there, I got to ask for permission for everything. He said he knows that you don't know he refers to you as "grandpa." Before the game, when y'all shake hands, he's going to say, "Grandpa, I love you." What do you think about all that?
KELVIN SAMPSON: Well, I am a grandfather and actually a very proud one. I hope my granddaughter is as proud of her grandfather as I am my granddaughter, little Maisie Jade.

Q. That's it?
KELVIN SAMPSON: You want something else? That's not good enough for you?

Q. Kelvin, during your six years in the NBA, I guess a two-part deal, number one: Was it always your intent to come back to college basketball; and number two, what was your ultimate takeaway from the NBA? Was it like going to grad school or getting your Master's in basketball?
KELVIN SAMPSON: No. The first part is an easy answer. No, it was never my intent to come back to college. I was interviewing for some head coaching jobs, and just because you interview for a job, sometimes it's not -- sometimes you may decide that you're interviewing them, too.

Some jobs that it's -- it's a tough one there, let's move on down the road and see if we can wait for a better one. There's always an assumption when you interview for jobs, you didn't get it. But there was some tough ones. But I wanted one where we could have a chance build, whether it's through the draft or free agency, and I enjoy talking to presidents, owners about the future of their franchises and how we could build the organization around the best players. That's where -- I wanted to be a head coach in the NBA.

But I learned a lot in the NBA. Sometimes you don't know what you don't know. I think I was a good enough coach to help an NBA team win a game when I first got to that league. I think my "hello" moment was when I was in San Antonio with Pop and Mike Budenholzer and Bret Brown and Donnie Newman were doing all the scouting reports -- so when you've been a head coach your whole career, you've never seen another guy do it. I was head coach when I was really young, so I had to experiment and fail and fail and fail and figure it out.

Just the freedom, the delegation that Pop gave his assistants and how they came up with how to guard actions on their own. It was their decision. That jumped out at me. I never done that before. I made all the decisions.

Then just the multiple ways to do things. How to guard pick and rolls. In the NBA you better be able to guard pick and rolls somewhere. Slot, middle, side, step upset. I didn't know about a lot of that stuff. We had trouble guarding pick and roll, we just went zone. I didn't know how to adjust the way those guys did. I said, "Wow, man, I got a lot to learn. These guys are way smarter than I am."

Then when I got to Milwaukee, Scott Skiles, who we were connected through our Michigan State days with Jud Heathcoate -- Scott was a brilliant, brilliant, tactician. He really was. I read where people were brilliant tacticians, but I never seen one or worked with a brilliant tactician. He was. He lived for the last two minutes of an NBA game. That's the only reason I wanted to be a NBA coach. I wanted to coach those last two minutes. I loved that.

Scott knew how to do NBA stuff, how much film to watch, how little film to watch. In the NBA is such a long season and you're grinding. I know you guys have Billy Donovan here. I'm sure Billy went through the same thing. How much, how little. I had to go through all that. But I was becoming addicted to that.

And then when I went to the Rockets with Kevin McHale, Kevin was unbelievable to me. I was the associate head coach, so I got to assign all the scouting reports. I was allowed to do a lot of head coaching things with the rockets, and Kevin was great about delegation. He gave me a lot of freedom, lot of rope to do things that I had learned just coaching against the other teams in the ledge, how they did things. That's kind of where I was headed. I was learning. I would say -- I don't know allow to compare it to a Master's degree or anything, but I know it made me -- it made me better, and I appreciate everybody that I coached in the NBA with, especially Gregg Popovich, Scott Skiles and Kevin McHale.

Q. You talked about the dormancy of the program at one point, administration maybe not paying as much attention to the program as maybe it could have. Playing at another school's arena know, those kinds of things that work against your program. With all of those things being said, how did you sell these young people on coming to the University of Houston and being a part of turning it around?
KELVIN SAMPSON: That's a great question. I don't think you understand the depth of how good a question that is because you would have had to have been there.

When we brought kids on campus, we didn't have anywhere to take them. When a kid comes -- when you're recruiting a young man, he's taken other visits to other schools. So when he comes to your school, he's going to compare. Just like if you went on a job interview, you're going to compare it to the job you have or a job you had. And it's really what it is, it's an interview with the young man.

There was a lot of frustration. I got frustrated with people. I said, "What are we doing here? You guys say you want to win, but what are you doing to win?"

I know a lot of people were probably frustrated with me, you know, because there was a lot of -- I know the -- I don't know if "demand" is the right word. We kept saying we have to do this. I think the worse thing you can say to someone, "Well, this is what we've always done," especially when you haven't had success.

If that's what you've always done, let's stop right there. Let's evaluate what you just said. So we had to change our attitudes. Before you can change attitudes, you have to change behavior. That was the biggest thing in Houston was changing the behavior.

The top of the league was Cincinnati and at time Larry Brown was at SMU doing great. Connecticut. That's one of the things that drew me to the job was the top of the league. I didn't look anywhere but the top because that's I remember where you want to be at the top of the league. You don't go to the league to be at the bottom. I always had the sense that's -- there was an acceptance of who we are without a burning desire to be better than that.

That's where you've got -- you can't be afraid to fail. You can't be afraid to stick your neck out there. You've got to fight for something a little bit. But when we brought kids on campus, we had nowhere to take them. Mack Rhoades got that practice facility going. He deserves a lot of credit for that. We got that going, you know. I wanted that construction fence up today. I wanted those bulldozers and machines in there today. That thing needed to be dug. Those kids that were selling that vision, they need to see that. You can talk all you want, but they need to see it and feel it. They need to know that this is going to change.

The guy that bought into the vision first was Galen Robinson. He bought into a vision when there's nothing to see. There was nothing to see, just -- here is what Coach Sampson said and he could have taken it and ran with it or he could have -- he visited Georgetown, TCU. I knew what they had and we didn't have. We had a vision. We didn't have anything. I appreciated him for buying into it.

Q. You were talking a couple days ago about how you'd like to see the NCAA make so much money off these tournaments and you've been doing it for so long and how you would like to see players and their families be able to attend more. Anything come to mind for any of your current players where the families weren't able to make it? What would your like to see the NCAA do to make sure that the families can afford to watch their sons and daughters play in the NCAA Tournament?
KELVIN SAMPSON: Yeah. Anytime you talk about that, it always goes back to the monitoring process which has to go through the school. Somehow -- it's not just -- it's not money. It's travel and hotel rooms. One of my kids -- I'm not going to mention who it is -- his parents would like to come. The only way they could come would be to drive and then they would have to get a hotel room possibly for -- if they came in on Friday, they would be Friday and Saturday night. For a lot of people that's not a big deal. That's a big deal for that family. They don't have the money to do that.

They would have to decide how they would do it. And I've had families ask me, "can I sleep on my son's floor in his room?" Think about that now. That's my life. That's not unusual for me. "Can I sleep on the floor" because they don't have the money to pay for a room.

When you look around at how big this industry has become, why can't we figure that out? I'm not saying give them this or that. I'm saying when young men get to the NCAA Tournament, let's find a way to get their parents and their brothers and sisters a plane ticket and a hotel room. I don't think that's asking too much.

THE MODERATOR: Final question.

Q. Kelvin, you talk about some assistants you've worked with and assistants under Pop, et cetera. How did the NBA change your experience with assistants and what do you do with Alvin Brooks and those guys that work with you?
KELVIN SAMPSON: That was another thing, Jerome. I wish -- obviously not the way I did it, obviously, but I wish every college coach could take a sabbatical, step back a year and go spend a year in the NBA, following a coaching staff to see how they do things. It's got to be a head coach.

I think I'm a lot more -- I delegate more, I trust more, I give more responsibility. I prepare them a little better. I've had a lot of assistants go on to become head coaches. You can always get better. You can always do better.

You know, as you get to a certain point in your career, you can see where you're headed here now. Just being able to get back to the game as much as you can but help those people around you.

I didn't know Bret Brown and Mike Budenholzer. Donny Newman was my assistant at Washington State for five years, so I knew Donny. I could tell Mike Budenholzer was a head coach. I could tell Bret was. I worked with Lionel Hollins in Milwaukee. Lionel was a head coach. Those guys acted like head coaches.

I went back -- when I got back to college, I said I want my assistant coaches to act like head coaches but work like assistant coaches. And that's kind of what we've -- the culture that we've established here at Houston. I want them all to think like head coaches but work like assistant coaches.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach. Best of luck tomorrow.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports



Q. Nick, the success that you were able to experience a couple years ago with this team, how has that helped you personally and what have you able to tell your guys about what it takes to get to the Sweet 16?
NICK WEILER-BABB: That group of guys we had really great senior leadership. I think that's one thing me and Marial actually try to focus as seniors. Making sure we're together. When we're together we're really a tough team to beat. We got to stick to it, stick to each other when times get tough through the ups and downs.

Q. Marial, if you would talk a little bit about what you've seen from Ohio State and what you remember in the games you played against Ohio State when you were at Virginia?
MARIAL SHAYOK: They have a pretty dominant big man. That's one of our main focuses this week of making it tough for him. My past experience they were a totally different team. Their guard play was a lot more focused on that a lot more when I played them back at Virginia. It's a different team. Not really much I can take from those Virginia games.

Q. Lindell, Kansas City was a great weekend for Iowa State. Seemed like the smile on your face was a little bit bigger through that whole stretch. I don't think it was just about winning. Can you comment about that?
LINDELL WIGGINTON: We came together as a team. Everybody stuck together. I was proud of that, because a couple weeks back, we were kind of separate and that's what led to our losing. Everybody came together and everybody stepped up in a big way and contributed to what they had to contribute, and that's the main thing why I was so happy.

Q. Lindell and Marial, March Madness this time of the year is awesome in the United States. What's going on in Canada right now related to March Madness? What does it mean to the two of you and to your families and fan bases back in Canada?
LINDELL WIGGINTON: Well, it means a lot. Just us getting the opportunity, you know, to be from Canada and come to the U.S. and playing March Madness is great. I know our people back home are watching, supporting us through the whole thing. I don't know what else is going on back in Canada right now. I know everybody back home is supporting us for sure.

MARIAL SHAYOK: I think we got a pretty big support group in Canada just because we're from two different places. I'm sure both of our cities are representing us the right way. I think we have two Canadians on our team that have a big impact on this program and really helps our support group. I think we have a good number of support systems back there.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the Cyclones of Iowa State?

All right, Gentlemen. Thank you very much. Good luck tomorrow.

As advertised, the head coach of the Cyclones is here, Steve Prohm. We're going to ask him to make a statement on his team being here in Tulsa and then we'll go to questions.

STEVE PROHM: First off, just great to be here and thanks to the City of Tulsa and the NCAA. Pleased to be part of this tournament. Really looking forward to a great weekend. Excited for our challenge tomorrow night against Ohio State. Open up for questions.

Q. Steve, what were some of the things that you can think of off the top of your have head in the conference tournament that clicked to well to get on the roll that your team got on?
STEVE PROHM: You look at our defensive numbers. I think in the stretch we played -- really three-fourths of the season we played really well. The last first -- first 25 games we were 19 - 6. Really the last six games we went 1 - 5, but our defensive numbers were really poor, especially the 3-point line with 42 percent defensive field goal percentage.

In Kansas City, we were 39 percent in the field, 29 - 3, plus one rebound, gave up 63 points a game. That's why we were we were very, very successful down there. So we've got to hopefully transcend that to Tulsa now this weekend and do it on the defensive end. Guys were connected, played the right way, selfless on offense, but defense we had an identity on defense again.

Q. If I could follow-up, talk specifically about Ohio State and what you see from them and what your biggest concerns are about Ohio State.
STEVE PROHM: Chris has obviously had a lot of success at Butler and first two years there at Ohio State. I think the biggest concern -- the great thing is right away when you see Ohio State catches your guy's attention right away, Big Ten, obviously great respect for that league and for their program. Kaleb Wesson is number one. That's what people talk about, the size, the physicality, ability to score, how you going to defend him. You have to make a decision on that. But they also got some other guys I think that are playing really well right now.

Woods is playing terrific. JC Jackson is playing really well. And so we've got to do a really good job on those guys. We can't get spread out. You know, defensively we've got to have a great identity again. We've got to guard the post, ball screen defense and finish plays. But Kaleb is the big key, but I think they've got some other pieces around that have some experience from a really good team last year like I touched on with Andre and CJ. We have to do a great job with those guys as well.

Q. How did winning the Big 12 tournament by winning games in different ways, shot great the first game and then couldn't make shots really a lot the other games but you toughed it out. How important is that heading into the NCAA Tournament?
STEVE PROHM: I think one of the moments the great part of the Kansas State game we're down 5 with three minutes to go. We call timeout and Nick gets fouled and makes two free throws. I think it shows our guys, whatever position we are in the tournament, we got to keep playing. We got to keep grounded, stay focused on the next four minutes. Stay focused defensively and then the offense will come.

And like you said, I think we touched on, we won the Baylor game a certain way. I thought we guarded well. We were really good offensively against them. Kansas State the second half was just a fistfight. We won a lot of different ways. It shows us we can win different ways. In tournament play, you'll have to play in the half court. We've got to be dialed in, not just offensive execution but defensive execution.

I think the guys have great confidence, and obviously playing against Ohio State, I think our vision and focus will be really good which is important in the tournament setting.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the head coach?

STEVE PROHM: Got anything, James? Are you sure?

THE MODERATOR: Practice awaits. Thank you very much. And best of luck, Steve.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. This question is really for any of you. Looking at the matchup, obviously the big story line is Nate Oats going up against Bobby Hurley. What do you make of that match knowing who your opponent is now?
CJ MASSINBURG: It's a big match because Coach Hurley used to coach at Buffalo. It's a big match because Arizona State is a really good team. We're a really good team and people are saying that they don't know if we're going to win this game. We go throughout and give it our all. We should be good with the results.

JEREMY HARRIS: Like C said, this should be a really good game. We both play really hard. I'm pretty sure Coach Oats is going to be a little bit more into it. It should be a fun game to watch.

Q. How was your mindset different coming into this tournament last year a lower seed, could have been called a Cinderella? Do you reject that type of label as a higher seeded team with a better record, and how is it different coming in with the success you've had this season?
NICK PERKINS: I think it's a little different, you know. Obviously we had a really successful regular season and we didn't sneak up on nobody no more. Everybody knows who Buffalo is. I think along those terms, we got -- we're a little better this year.

CJ MASSINBURG: I would say it's different for us because we have more experience. Last year we came into the tournament not knowing if we can win that game, but we knew we were going to play so hard and want it more and just try to stay in there and it was a very dominating win. But this year we basically have the formula or the recipe for success and we know that it's how you prepare for a team, your practices leading up to it, how hard you play. So we just going to try to keep that same recipe and formula and just bring it over to this year.

Q. Did any of you watch the Arizona State/Saint John's game last night? If so, what did you see about Arizona State that really stood out to you guys?
JEREMY HARRIS: Like I said earlier, they played really hard, well-coached. They crash the boards real hard and they got some really talented players.

NICK PERKINS: One thing that stood out. They have a good front court. They do a good job of rebounding the ball. We have some good guards that can shoot the ball, too. Going to be a good game.

Q. Even though y'all had some success last year, right, and y'all are very well-respected this season, do y'all still carry a little bit of that chip on your shoulder being a MAC team coming into this?
CJ MASSINBURG: We definitely keep that chip on our shoulder. Our coaching staff and the media, whatever, pay attention to how the professionals pick us. Some people are picking us to the Final Four, some people picking us to get popped in the first round. We're definitely humble and we're going to keep that chip on our shoulder and know that nothing is given.

It gives us confidence, hey, people are saying that you're capable of doing great things, but they are also saying you're capable of getting put out. So we got to bring it.

JEREMY HARRIS: We got to bring it. We got to do a good job of staying in the moment and just not getting a big head, staying humble. As long as we stay with our base and do what got us here, we're going to be fine.

Q. Nick and CJ, you kind of mentioned on it a little bit, they seem to rebound really well, big guy averaging double digits in rebounds per game. Is it something you guys have focused on now you know you're going to play Arizona State keep them off glass?
NICK PERKINS: Definitely. That's a big part of the offense and what they pride themselves in and their program. And if we do that, we have a pretty good chance of winning the game.

CJ MASSINBURG: That's been a big point of emphasis in practice, if we give up a board, Coach Oats he's losing his mind. But, yeah, they are really gifted athletic team, but we're tough guys, too. We should be all good.

Q. Nick, I believe you're the only player that has any ties to Bobby Hurley. What do you remember of your interactions during the recruiting process with Bobby?
NICK PERKINS: Well, he's pretty much -- he was pretty much the main guy recruiting me. I did come to visit him. I remember him being a good guy, you know, down to earth, you know, really intense, and a guy you know, really good coach. That's what I remember about him. He's a pretty good coach, Hall of Fame basketball player. Yeah.

Q. Do you guys reflect on your first NCAA Tournament, after you guys lost to Miami, you said things, "We're going to be good for a long time. We have to stick with it." I was listening to some of those press conference the other day. What do you take away from when you guys started this thing to where you've come now?
CJ MASSINBURG: I would say that -- what was your question again?

Q. Kind of reflecting back an how far you guys have come and how far this team has come from the first time you guys were in the NCAA Tournament and now you're favorites.
CJ MASSINBURG: That definitely shows the growth of this program and where we have took it along with the coaching staffs. But that first year, it was -- we were freshmen, just trying to get in where we fit in. We didn't know how lucky we were to go to the NCAA Tournament our first year of college basketball, you know. Some people don't even experience it at all. Some people only experience it one time. We experienced it three times.

I think that year was very key, and it gave us a goal to reach for, you know. Once you got a taste of it, man, I want this again, you know? So that first year was important, and I feel like we was able to build off of it.

NICK PERKINS: Kind of what C said. You get that taste, the NCAA Tournament, there's really nothing like it. The MAC Tournament is cool, but ain't nothing like March Madness. Huge sporting event. We got that our freshman year for us to continue to keep grinding. We didn't go our sophomore year. That's really where we built the hunger for us to come out and do what we did last year and obviously the great season we have this year.

Q. For any of the players, what has Nate's approach been this week, knowing he has to face the guy that hired him?
JEREMY HARRIS: I mean, he told us just worry about the game, he's going to take care of all the questions about Bobby Hurley and so on. We just trying to stay locked in and focus on the game and the matches that we're going to be doing tomorrow night or evening.

THE MODERATOR: We have time for two more questions.

Q. When you watch Arizona State, do you see any of yourself in them, any similarities with style and schemes with the links from the coaching staff?
CJ MASSINBURG: Coach Oats and Coach Hurley, similar but also different. They got some of the same plays that we have, I will say that. They got one, two the same that we run or whatever.

But other than that, it's kind of different, you know. I don't think the PAC-12 play as fast as we do. The tempo is different. Similarities, we run maybe two of the same plays.

NICK PERKINS: They got a lot of similarities but really different. They pride theirselves on different things. Shoot a lot of long 2s. They got a lot of front court players, shoot a lot of long shots. We get out in transition and run. That's where it's a little different in two coaching styles.

THE MODERATOR: Final question.

Q. Most of us in here grew up watching March Madness and filling out the brackets. Is that something you guys did when you were younger, kind of growing up, and is it still a little surreal that you're getting a chance to kind of live out that childhood dream?
JEREMY HARRIS: Yeah. I think, speaking for myself, God definitely blessed me. Because growing up, like you said, we all watch March Madness. And I'm on the podium right now talking to y'all, so this is blessed.

THE MODERATOR: All right, gentlemen. Thank you very much for your time. Best of luck tomorrow.

The Head Coach of the Bulls is Nate Oats.

NATE OATS: I'm excited to be here. Great to be in Tulsa. We got sent out West last year, worked out great for us. Happy to see us get sent out here again. People have been great so far. We've enjoyed it. Hopefully we can stay here a few more days. I thought our guys have been great, locked in pretty good. Got a question already?

Q. NCAA Tournament, obviously big story line facing Bob Hurley now that's official, you guys are playing Arizona State. What are your thoughts?
NATE OATS: Shocker of a question for a first one.

Q. Got to get it out of way, man.
NATE OATS: Listen. I talked to Coach early Sunday night. I watched obviously -- obviously we watched the game last night. I watched them frequently. One positive is that I've watch Arizona State play a lot this year obviously. He's done an unbelievable job.

I saw a stat somewhere. This is the first time since 1980 that Arizona State has been back to back NCAA Tournaments. We had never been to the tournament until he came to Buffalo. He's been the Head Coach of two programs, done an unbelievable job. Winning, going to the tournament. He's a really good coach. Great to work for. I'm a close friend of his.

Not an ideal situation to have to play him because one of us -- we both like to see each other continue to go, and one of us is not going to be able to continue. So, you know, I'm just going to lock in with my guys. The good thing, no one of my guys know him. Only guy on the team or never on the team, the only guy that Coach Hurley really recruited was Nick Perkins.

Our guys won't be distracted by that. I don't know too many players of the Arizona State. Good thing we have to play one-on-one because him and Chris Moon would have been a lot better matchup than me and him. He's a little bit better player than I was. Great friend. We're going to try to beat him. He's going to try to beat us. We'll be good friends afterwards.

Q. NCAA Tournament, do you see any similarities between your program and Arizona State and what differences do you see between them?
NATE OATS: Similarities, we're both kind of gritty, tough, hard-nosed. Bobby obviously a Jersey City guy. Kind of get his guards to get after. We have really good defensive guards. Kid like Dort is who all defensive team in the PAC-12 as a freshman. I think we both -- Remy Martin plays is a lot of flare, and he's kind of their heart and soul and got a toughness to him.

If you look at our guard play, I think we both have pretty tough, gritty guards that like to get after it and play with some freedom. We both give our guards a lot of freedom. They have little bit deeper, more athletic front line. We're probably a little deeper in the backcourt.

But for the most part, both teams play man-to-man. He's probably a little bit more zone and probably due to the fact that he's got lot more depth in the front line, wants to play them more, and Saint John's, they have more perimeter job. We play fast, they play fast. We're probably a tad faster. That may be due to more depth in our backcourt.

There's not -- it's not like one team is all zone or one team is pulling it in every time. One team is shooting a bunch of 3s. When I coached under him, we had pretty similar philosophies and I didn't change a whole lot when he left. Personnel change but philosophies haven't changed a whole lot.

Q. NCAA Tournament, what did you learn from Bobby when you coached underneath him?
NATE OATS: My first Division 1 experience, I learned the whole how it's done Division 1. I also learned how competitive he is. I'm pretty competitive. I think a lot of people, especially coaches, think they're competitive. I don't think anybody realizes how competitive the Hurleys are and that's Danny and Bobby both.

Bobby -- I haven't coached under Danny. I'm guessing he's similar. You know what I learned? I learned why he was such a good player. Because when you look at him, he's not taller than me. He's not -- he was athletic back in the day to a point, but you just know after coaching with him, you knew why he was so good because he just wasn't going to take any losses.

It was not fun when we had losses around there but the point was made that I don't accept losing and we're not going to be a losing program. Got it turned around quick. That's why he got Arizona State turned around quick. He refuses to accept anything that deals with losing.

As far as basketball goes, you obviously talk a lot different stuff. I learned some point guards -- I wasn't really a point guard. He was the best point guard arguably in college basketball history.

I learned a lot about how he thinks as a point guard and Coach and I listened a lot as he coached the guards. I became a much better coach for guards and point guards in particular, what you're looking at here and all that stuff.

Talking X and Os. That's probably the biggest thing I learned from him.

THE MODERATOR: We have five minutes left in this session.

Q. What have those conversations been like with Bobby since he left? Frequently, I know geography plays a part in it. How has your relationship with him evolved and is it personal, basketball, both? What is it like?
NATE OATS: Both. We obviously follow each other's teams. We talk maybe once a week or so. I shoot him texts after big wins, try to encourage him after losses. I talk to his brother Danny quite a bit, too. He's right in the middle of Bobby hiring me. Some Final Fours you see each other. In the summers if we're at a game together, we'll sit and talk. He's a really good friend. He gave me a shot in this business. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him. I tried to help him if I could. He's tried to help me if he could.

Kid from Detroit, Rob Edwards, was one of my assistants, was tied in with Rob. I try to help him when I can. It's obviously a lot harder with him way out on the West Coast. I don't know that many ties. He doesn't really need my help. He's doing a great job out here. We stay in touch for sure.

Q. What are a couple of things that you sell players on in terms of trying to get them to come to Buffalo?
NATE OATS: The weather, number one (laughter). No, we do say this: The temperature in the gym in Buffalo is the same as the temperature in the gym in Miami during the winter seasons. Right up-front, if you're worried about what the weather is outside during the basketball season, probably recruiting the wrong kid. Tell me right up front if you're going to try to go to the beach or actually go in the gym and get yourself better. In the gym the temperature is all the same.

The things we sell the most obviously, we've been winning. Kids want to be associated with winners. We go to the tournament, fourth in the last five years. Kids want to play in this tournament. Our style of play is one kids want to play. Third fastest team in the country right now. We play a style it's open, lot more like the NBA guys. We're big on player development. Guys are able to use what they work on in the gym. You build a relationship. That's the bottom line, build relationships. Kids trust you, we'll make them better.

Q. Do they still have the chip on their shoulder? Lot of success the last couple of years, still have the chip on their shoulder from being a MAC team?
NATE OATS: They need to be. 31 - 3. And got a 6th seed. They better play with a chip on their shoulder. We're happy to have it. If you're 31 - 3, another level you're not -- not going to be a 6th seed.

Q. NCAA Tournament, it's been a lot since April of 2015. What was it like for you the day you found out were you getting hired to know you had to succeed Bobby Hurley and put your stamp on this program using what Bobby set as a foundation?
NATE OATS: We wanted to continue to build. I had a great relationship with the players that stayed. They said something to Danny White, they would like to see me get the head job. We had to recruit. At the time when I was a recruit, I saw Bobby Hurley because Buffalo didn't have any tradition. Now I had to sell Buffalo basketball. I couldn't sell myself. I had no name in the business.

We build relationships, been to the tournament. I put my head down and started grinding in like early -- Bobby was good. I stayed in touch with him and Danny as well. Those guys helped me through the first few months. Both them had just gone through it, not that recently, and I was only two years removed from high school. Danny went straight from high school to Wagner. Bobby had just been through it himself. They both talked me through a lot of that stuff. Danny White the AD was great. He helped me with everything. It was a stressful couple months, but it was a good couple months, too.

THE MODERATOR: Coach, best of luck tomorrow. Thank you very much.

NATE OATS: Thank you. Appreciate it.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Either of you guys, just talk about how crazy the last 24 hours have been, you know, emotional win against Saint John's landing here at 4:00 in the morning and 12 hours after you land out to practice.
REMY MARTIN: It's been very exciting, I mean, just to experience this my sophomore year as well. Been a great experience, man, winning and advancing. Just the satisfaction of winning and knowing that your season is still going is a great feeling, great accomplishment, and obviously that our eyes are on the prize. We're definitely trying to continue to win. We're also absorbing everything that comes with it.

ZYLAN CHEATHAM: I mean, to obviously accomplish a win like that, to celebrate it with your guys, but I was happier to get back on the plane and lock into the next task. I'd say it's pretty much been an emotional rollercoaster. But you have to embrace your wins, you have to enjoy it, live in the moment, but, at the same time, you got to stay focused on the task ahead.

Q. To kind of dovetail off that, how -- what was the most difficult part of that quick turnaround, like 16-to-20 hour turnaround. What was the most difficult part of this?
ZYLAN CHEATHAM: I didn't get into my hotel bed until about, I want to say like 5:00 in the morning. But I say the most tough part about it was just leaving straight from the game, your bags are already packed, go straight to the airport, and you get straight back on the road.

On the flip side of that is like our fans and are dancing and cheer team and our band, they did such a good job of keeping us in a positive spirits, keeping us happy. When we got to the airport, they're there and cheering for us. It's stuff like that that you just have to embrace and look at it as part of the process.

Q. When you're scouting Buffalo and looking at Buffalo, what jumps out at them that -- what do they do that can really pose challenges for you guys?
REMY MARTIN: We haven't got to that yet, but we know that they're going to go out and play hard as they can. They're a great team, we know that. We know their record speaks for itself. They're a winning team. We know that they're going to come out and play hard. It's going to be a fun game.

ZYLAN CHEATHAM: I'd say aside from the X and Os part of it, they're considered a mid major conference and they're coming off of 12 straight wins. Stuff like that. I've actually been are part of that mid major conference. You want to be considered the top of the top, so we know they're going to come out extremely hungry.

To get to the Xs and Os part, they're a really disciplined team. They don't make many mistakes. They capitalize off of mistakes. We got to clean up some turnovers. Like I said, we know we're going to get their best shot, but we got to make sure we match their intensity.

Q. This is for you Remy. It seems like with this team on any given night, somebody different might step up and have a fantastic game. For you personally, kind of in and out of the game last night, does it make you -- I don't know if "comfort" is the right word, maybe more confidence, knowing if you do have to sit down with your health condition, that your guys have it?
REMY MARTIN: Yeah. I mean our guys, we've been through so much adversity, you know, on and off the court. We're so close knit. I know even when I'm not playing my best game that somebody like Lu, Rob and Mello,, anybody can step up. That's the great thing about our team is that there's no individuals. We're all together. When one falls, the other one is there to pick them up. That's the greatness of our team.

I'm just happy to be a part of the team and have guys like that that, you know, are players and they pick me up when I'm not having my best game and, who knows, I might have a good game tomorrow.

Q. Just going off that, I guess for either one of you, can you talk about what Lu did last night. And I think really this morning he kind of got some more national recognition finally not just people in Arizona recognizing it.
ZYLAN CHEATHAM: At this point nothing he does really surprises me. I've seen the work that he put in, I mean -- I remember the first workout I ever worked out with him, he was just doing things that you don't really see freshmen.

Do. I've been around for what, this is my fifth year. It's just things you never really see freshmen do. Not that I was expecting him to have a game like that but the fact that he did just compliments the work he put in, the confidence he has in himself and the confidence Bobby gives us as players.

REMY MARTIN: He's a beast.

Q. Obviously a big story line with this game is Bobby going against his former assistant with Nate Oats. Has he talked about that at all or do you see him, you know, maybe little extra emotional, anything like that?
REMY MARTIN: No. It's all about the team. This is about us and our future and it's just all about the team, what we need to do to be successful, and it's not about him. He's never been a me guy. Everything that he says or does is for all of us.

ZYLAN CHEATHAM: He's done a really good job. Kind of making it our journey as opposed to his. That was his message, don't really get too far into the whole emotional impact this game could have on me or something like that. I want you guys to stay focused. I've already did what I did in college and I've made my journey. It's you guy's turn. He's doing a good job of not making it about himself.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the student-athletes of Arizona State? All right, gentlemen. Thank you very much. Best of luck.

BOBBY HURLEY: I was just -- it was just an electric night last night, kind of doesn't feel like ended in some ways. Considering all the media after, then the travel and getting in here at four in the morning but the alternative is far worse. We're very excited to be here. The guys were able to get a lot of rest today. It's just about recovery and trying to get freshmen mentally and physically and that's really -- that's what it's about today for us.

Q. Bobby, what was your reaction -- I know you and Nate spoke Sunday, but what was your reaction knowing this is now a reality facing Nate and your former team?
BOBBY HURLEY: It is intense for us going in that Sunday leading into Selection Sunday and just a lot of conversations. You know, our administrators, my wife, my brother, talking to my brother on the phone he was like I have a feeling that they're -- Buffalo is in that 6 range and I see you as an 11 seed. I don't think Dan thought we would be in the playing game, but he thought there could be a chance that this might happen.

So, I gave it some thought then, but then as the show proceeded I knew that what we had done this year and the wins we had and our record in the league and that we'd be in the field and spots were limited at that moment. So I knew that something might be in the works there when I saw that.

Q. Bobby, last night you mentioned maybe aside from your brother's games, you watched more Buffalo games than any other teams. How well do you feel like you know this team and is it sort of an advantage because it's a team you keep your eye on?
BOBBY HURLEY: I've watched and again, so it's like I'm in the blind as far as not watching Buffalo. It's helpful in that regard. But when the ball goes up, they have a lot of winners in their locker room. They're a team that's won 31 games. they're a mid major that doesn't play like it. They don't look like it. You know, they have all the ingredients of a top team, and so we're going to have our hands full. It's going to be -- we're going to have to -- they're not going to back out of a game, man. You got to beat Buffalo. They won't give in to you at any point.

Q. Bobby, the tournament has a history of pairing coaches against their former assistants. They obviously seem to like that. Obviously they feel fans like that. I get the sense, though, over time coaches really don't care for that.
Could you kind of address why that's difficult for a coach to go up against his former team or maybe more specifically a former assistant? Why is that hard? Why don't coaches enjoy that so much?

BOBBY HURLEY: I have such great memories at Buffalo, my two years. I still vividly remember the confetti falling in Cleveland for the first time there and doing it with people, you know, that I respect and like, like Nate Oats and to have an opportunity to go to a tournament and then it's the personal relationship.

Nate and I, you know, we were on the road recruiting. We hoped we're in the same city so we could get together. We speak frequently and we root for each other.

So, anytime you have to go against that team, it's not the greatest scenario, but then as a coach you think about all the work you put in and how hard your players work, July through the fall and all these battles you're in during the season, to even get yourself in a position to be in in this tournament, and once you're here, everything goes out the window and you're just trying to compete like heck to advance and make your season more special.

So, that's where my thoughts are. My thoughts are only with like Remy Martin, Lu Dort, Zylan Cheatham, and the guys that I'm bringing to battle tomorrow.

Q. When you hired Nate, he was a high school coach. What did you see in him when you hired him that you thought this guy could do something some day?
BOBBY HURLEY: I'm a talent evaluator administrator. Nate, it's immediate his passion for basketball was something I was drawn to and it's genuine and when we were recruiting EC Matthews and I was an assistant at Rhode Island, I got to go visit Nate and watch how he conducted his practices. He had a practice plan and it was organized and he's coaching tough kids from the inner city of Detroit, and you could visually see the respect that he got from all those players.

So, I mean, I instantly knew that he was a really good coach, and me going into Buffalo, couple of years assistant coaching experience, I had a lifetime of basketball experience, but Nate also had ten years as a high school coach, and my dad being a high school coach for 45 years, it was something that I respected what he was doing and I thought he deserved an opportunity and he was hungry to do it.

He really recruited. He got after it, he developed a relationships with kids we were recruiting. He was great tactically, always great ideas and he was good on the floor. So, you know, I couldn't have done any better than to hire Nate Oats.

Q. Bobby, when you left for Arizona State, did you recommend Nate as your replacement? And if he had not been the replacement, would you have wanted him on your staff at Arizona State?
BOBBY HURLEY: When I decided to take the Arizona State job, I told Nate that I think that he should aggressively try and get the job; that he deserved the job; that he would do phenomenal and to go after it confidently.

Improving the players that -- we had a really good core of talent in the locker room that was coming back, and so I think it made sense for Danny White to make that move. It was a great decision on his part to keep Nate. I told Nate, "If you don't get it, there's a spot open for you with me on the staff at Arizona State."

Q. Nate talked so much about how grateful he is that you gave him his shot at Division I coaching, what is it like to hear him have such gratitude for you still?
BOBBY HURLEY: I think we share mutual respect and friendship, and it's not easy to get your foot in the door in this business. I'm fortunate to have like a storied basketball playing career which helped open doors, and there are a lot of talented people out there that don't get the opportunity. And so we were able to recognize that and Nate worked his butt off to really put himself in a position to want to be a college coach, assistant coach, and he's made the most of it.

Q. Can you give us an idea of what the plane ride was like on the way back? Were the assistants looking at film, breaking down, just how that worked?
BOBBY HURLEY: Everyone was -- just had their own computer and were watching whatever Buffalo games they chose to watch. I didn't mandate anyone to watch a particular game. I had my set of games I was watching. Otherwise, the plane was quiet. We expended a lot of energy -- the guys were sleeping or had their headphones on just listening to music.

Q. I know he's obviously had the back injury, what is Mickey Mitchell's status with the team now and going forward?
BOBBY HURLEY: He was at our house on Sunday for the selection show party. He's still a part of what we're doing. He's had some setbacks with it, and we're trying to get him to a point where he's a hundred percent. He's had trouble getting there this year. He's had a lot of the wear and tear over the years, both playing basketball and football. We're hopeful we get Mickey to a hundred percent healthy. When we get there, then we can focus on basketball.

Q. Bobby, when you look at the game against Saint John's and the high number of turnovers, was really just a matter of Remy Martin not being a hundred percent and only playing 23 minutes or some other underlying factors?
BOBBY HURLEY: When you generate that type of lead, sometimes you let your guard down some, and we got a little careless with the basketball and you also have a team that's desperate playing for their season.

They have -- they had some quick twitch athletes. Saint John's plays five guys that are around six-five-ish that can move around and shoot passing lanes. They did a great job of turning people over before us. We have to do better at that. Remy is usually a one-man press break he's so fast and good with the ball and just wasn't quite up for that challenge yesterday. Hopefully another -- little more time to get healthy, he'll be better tomorrow night.

Q. Bobby, Nate fondly recalls some pickup games that you guys would have when were you at UB. He said that it was really competitive. What do you recall about some of those times?
BOBBY HURLEY: Where my game is at right now, I'd almost like to forget. I'd like to remember back when I was actually good. We did play at 6:00 am hoops, and I remember it and I think there was a D2 player that was playing with us and he knew my rep and I was like, I don't know, 39, 43, 44 and he's trying to go at me like I'm 24.

You know, kind of push me really and my competitive juices kicked in. I stole the ball at half court and he chased me down. Most times in pickup, let the guy go and lay it in. I had to go find another gear and I ended up pulling my hamstring. That was one of the last times I really competitively tried to play basketball was in Buffalo.

Q. Nate said when he was -- building the program, really making it his own, how did he lean on you and your brother when he was, I guess, constructing his own vision for the program?
BOBBY HURLEY: Yeah. As much as the foundation was there from what we did for two years, there were obstacles. He had a couple of key guys leave the program and he had to go in another direction. I think he hired a very good staff, too, and his assistants have done a good job of getting players. Then Nate went out of the region and found Massinburg, which was a huge get for Buffalo.

THE MODERATOR: Okay. Everybody in? Excellent. Bobby, thank you very much. Good luck.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. When you guys are watching tape of you, what are some things that stand out to you?
D'MARCUS SIMONDS: They really like to play in transition. They work hard defensively. Really similar to how we play and, you know, they crash the glass really hard, and, you know, with us being a smaller team, we'll have to lock in our rebounding.

Q. You guys, whether you guys specifically or the team, has been in this position before, been in the tournament. Just curious, when you look at the seeding, you pulled off the upset before, how does that factor in when you look at people say you're a 14, you're going up against a 3, considering y'all's history that you've been here and done that already?
MALIK BENLEVI: To be honest, we don't really care what seed. We're going to come in and play hard regardless. We feel we can beat anybody with the defense that we're supposed to play.

D'MARCUS SIMONDS: Piggybacking off what Malik said, we haven't looked at the seed really. We knew we weren't going to be over a 10-seed-type deal. We were going to play somebody that was better. Yeah. We're just going to come play as hard as we can.

DEVIN MITCHELL: Yeah, I mean, if you look at we didn't really make that upset. I don't think anybody on our roster was on that team. We're more locked in on what our team has to do and what we can do to make our moment.

Q. D'Marcus, just I know the big thing consistency, consistency. What have you been doing this season to be more consistent?
D'MARCUS SIMONDS: I haven't thought about what anyone said. Just playing, man. End of the day it's basketball. Whoever scores more wins. Whoever plays better defense wins. It's a simple game. Playing hard every night and consistency will follow.

Q. Devin, you played Cincinnati last year obviously and so you've seen a team that just beat Houston. You had two wins over the SEC in preseason, but was there something about the Kansas State game on the road when were you ahead with 9 minutes left that maybe made you think this team is again going to do something special?
DEVIN MITCHELL: Yeah. I don't remember that game, but back in June and July when we started practicing, we just knew we had something different this year. I think we've just been comfortable all year in any situation and we're battle-tested in non-conference. That Kansas State game, being in the game with those guys, a defensive team at a tough place to play in Manhattan, Kansas.

We all looked at each other, hey, man, we're pretty good. We can definitely make some noise if we stay locked in, because we feel like that was the game we should have won down the stretch. Just being able to lock in and I think the biggest thing with us just being comfortable.

Q. Malik, you guys shoot a lot of 3s. Defensively they're a Top 10 in a lot of the categories. What do you see from them specifically and how they play defense and how big of a challenge is that?
MALIK BENLEVI: We know Houston is a very physical team. They'll be on you the whole game. We feel like we're the best 3-point shooting team in the country. We're going to find ways to get them up. Devin is top 20 with 3-point shooter, Jeff Thomas, D'Marcus, me. We're going to be able to knock some down.

Q. Just curious, the stories kind of made the rounds this week. For those of us who haven't been around you, the Selection Sunday, you have a new favorite truck stop on the way. What was that like? You hear the stories of how you find out, but that kind of at the top there?
MALIK BENLEVI: We found a new spot out there. We just on a bus and Coach just stopped and we looked and seen, man, what are we doing? We went in there and seen like lot of old people and like, "Who are y'all?"

We're Georgia State basketball team. We came here to watch the selection. We made a couple of new fans out there.

DEVIN MITCHELL: Yeah. Basically what Malik said. We're on the bus and Coach just like pull off. So, we stopped and -- forgot the name of the place, like The Red Zone or something like that. Definitely walked in. Everybody is, "Where are all these people coming from?"

We explained to them what was going on and they opened it up with their arms and we were good, good to go, and got to see who we were playing.

Q. Malik, will you talk a little bit about how your game has elevated the last couple of weeks? You've had three double-doubles now in your last three games, double-doubles at the Sun Belt Tournament and Georgia Southern.
MALIK BENLEVI: I feel I'm playing some of my best ball right now. The guys, they believe in me. So like when they see me open, they give me the ball. And I know we're a small team, so, I mean, I go in there and try to get every rebound. I just got to be that dog and I got my brothers with me, and they believe in me and I believe in them. They believe in me and give me more confidence to play harder and play well.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the Panthers of Georgia State? All right. Thank you very much. Best of luck tomorrow.

The Head Coach of Georgia State is with us Ron Hunter.

RON HUNTER: Goes without saying we are excited to be here and Tulsa really nice town. I spent some time here before when I was the Head Coach at IUPUI. My team is extremely excited to be here. We've earned the right to be here.

I think that we're a little bit more relaxed this time than we were a year ago when we played Cincinnati. My kids were on a mission. We had a practice yesterday that got me so excited I was ready to play last night. And if any of you know me I don't get very excited often. So we were really ready to play last night.

I think our kids will be ready for a great Houston team, well coached. Kelvin is doing a great job with that program and we're just ready to get going.

THE MODERATOR: Questions.

Q. I just -- I want to know the thing with D'Marcus consistency, consistency. What are you doing about that?
RON HUNTER: He's been a better player. His numbers won't walk like that. We've got five guys averaging double figures. If we had an opportunity to go win games in NCAA Tournament, you have to do less scoring an other guys have to pick it up.

Last year we played Cincinnati. He out-scored our bunch, their team and the whole deal. We need to be more balanced. That's what we were this year. We've got guys, five guys that shoot 40 percent better from the 3-point line. We're a better team this year than last year. That's how he's got better because of his sacrifice. He's a much better player today than he was last year.

Q. Houston's defense, rebounding they have a couple guys that can just light it up 3-point range. When you see that, what, in your opinion, the challenges that is on both ends?
RON HUNTER: Zero receive, we have no shot, buddy. I don't know why we're coming. Actually, you know what? Our kids are good players. The only thing I think Houston definitely has better, a much better coach. Their Coach is so much better. I don't know if I'm going to be in that game, I'm outmatched.

Kelvin, he's like my idol. When I was -- I think when I was 10, he was 60 at that time. I really look up to grandpa. Grandpa has -- he's got a great team, been coaching longer. I will ask grandpa if I should call a timeout. I'll ask him who I should start.

If it's four minutes to go in the game and we are winning, I will ask grandpa if it's okay to finish the game and we can win because I don't even know why we're here but -- no, they've done a great job.

The great thing about it, we were paired because we played Cincinnati year, almost identical. My top 7 guys were in.

RON HUNTER: the same position last year and same game. They know they're playing against great players and we are. I'm going to get out-coached. I told my wife. They're going to talk about me. I'm going to get out-coached because grandpa is on the other side out there.

Q. Coach, what specifically from the practice yesterday got you excited?
RON HUNTER: We made shots. When we make shots in practice, we usually make them in games. It's just the approach. When I first walked in there, I wanted to see their approach.

Last year when we came back from the conference tournament in New Orleans, I thought our approach was kind of just being happy. I thought our seniors were locked in. As a matter of fact, I was. I wasn't going to practice yesterday, have a walk-thru. No, they wanted to get after that. We got after it on a day we generally walk-thru.

I knew right then that the guys were ready to play and there was no laughing or joking. These kids were on a mission. We're going to lose about six out of seven of these guys. They want to go away with a win.

Q. I think I know the answer to this, and I think if I didn't already, I think you just hinted at it, but you feel like they got a chance -- you feel like you have a chance to win, do you not?
RON HUNTER: Most of the time when coaches get up, they give coach-speak. "Well, you know, we'll see, we're going to play hard." If I don't believe it, how are my kids going to believe it?

It's no disrespect to Houston at all. I will be extremely, extremely disappointed if we don't win this game. That's no disrespect to Houston at all. I've got a really good basketball team. We have -- we got beat by Cincinnati. Our whole goal was to come back here and win.

It was a tough year to coach this group because we had to go through the process. When you're a mid major, it's not automatic you're going to get there. We beat Georgia, we beat Alabama, we beat some good teams on the way. The problem that we had, we got to about January and they wanted to get from January to March. Now the kids are here.

So we know -- we knew -- that's one of the reasons why we left right after New Orleans and didn't stay for selection show. We didn't care who we made. We could have played a Boston Celtics. Our guys were on a mission, we want to win this game.

Q. Seems like one of the keys to the game is going to be rebounding. With your team specifically, what are you telling them in regards to that?
RON HUNTER: Gosh, we've won 24 games so far this year. I don't think there's one game in the last two years that we've out rebounded anyone. I won 24 games last year. Sometimes the rebounding is one of the most misleading stats that you have out there. Because we played the matchup with you, yeah, I want to be a great rebounding team.

Think about this: Not one time -- we've won in two years now we have won 48 games and not out-rebounded one opponent, not one. We know we're probably going to get out-rebounded. I also know that we're going to defend you and we're going to make 3s.

So those two things, you can book those two things are going to happen. We know we're going to get some offensive rebounds and get steals. Again, that's part of what we do. It's not something I'm just screaming about in that regards, yeah, we want to be a great rebounding team. I'd rather we want to be a great Rebounding team and not in the NCAA Tournament and not win those 48 games? Cincinnati was probably one of the best rebounding teams that we have seen, and up until that 4-minute mark, it wasn't an issue for us.

Q. Ron, for the Houston audience I'm curious, Ray McCallum is on your staff. Kind of having a coach like that who has been through the wars, had a lot of experience, what's he meant to the program and done for you?
RON HUNTER: I'll tell you what, Ray has been tremendous. To have a guy that has taken a program to the NCAA Tournament on a couple of different occasions, a guy that has won a lot of basketball games. It's so great to bounce things off of him.

I also hired him because I didn't want to be the oldest on the staff. He's older than me. He's been tremendous. Coach being -- he also worked for Kelvin at Indiana. Again, I think he knows a lot of Kelvin's tendencies. He's been extremely helpful on the scouting end. Ray has been absolutely tremendous.

It's kind of like night and day. Ray is kind of the quiet guy and I'm the crazy guy. We kind of balance each other out. I can't tell you how valuable he has been to me.

Q. Are you ready to retire the clip of you falling out of the stool or is that -- how do you feel about that? Cool at the time, but are you ready for a new clip?
RON HUNTER: It's funny, someone asked me that a couple weeks ago. My answer to that is absolutely not. Because what it did, it put a trademark to our program. I'll be honest with you, if that situation didn't happen, I don't know if we're back here. Everywhere we are, that's part of who we are now.

It's helped us recruiting. Some would say helped my son get to the NBA. Maybe it did. The whole situation changed, the dynamic of Georgia State, and changed my life, to be honest with you. It's not something that I shy away from. I get people to stop me all the time and ask me how my hip is doing. It wasn't even my hip (laughter).

Even when we got off the airplane, the guy said hello, representative from Tulsa. Stopped in and said, "Hey, I remember seeing you and your son." That's just part of who we are now and we embrace that. We absolutely embrace that. That's part of our culture.

Q. Did the chair make the trip?
RON HUNTER: I wanted it to but we were taking the band and everybody and it was either the chair or my AD. I thought, let's let the AD go. He's sitting back there now. We let him go and left the chair behind.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the second oldest coach on staff? All right. Ron, thank you very much. Good luck tomorrow

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. CJ, how different is it for you, CJ coming in as a senior this year as compared to last year to the NCAA Tournament? And also you, Keyshawn, about your experience about being a Buckeye and playing in the tournament?
C.J. JACKSON: It's a little different because I got a year under my belt. Last year I really didn't know what to expect. We were just happy to be there, and this year, you know, we made the tournament and we're excited about that, but we're here to win some games.

KEYSHAWN WOODS: Being here as a Buckeye, great feeling, a blessing. This is my first time really being with a guaranteed spot and I'm just happy to be here. Like CJ said, now we're in and happy to compete and continue to play.

Q. What challenges do you guys see from backcourt of Iowa State? They play four guards a lot. How do you plan to match up?
KEYSHAWN WOODS: They're a great offensive team. They play real, real fast. They have every piece that you can have on a basketball team. But for us, we just got to bring our defense on the road, and our defense is going to lead us to a win -- to win this game. As long as we do, live up to our defensive principles and stick to those, we'll be fine.

C.J. JACKSON: We got to make sure we bring our defensive hat tomorrow and be ready for anything. We know offensively they play well together, they have really good chemistry and had a unbelievable year, especially in the Big 12. We got to come ready and prepared and prepare our game plan for the rest of tonight and tomorrow, we should be ready.

Q. How big was that Indiana game just in terms of momentum for you guys? We all knew it was big for getting in the tournament but just from a personal level?
C.J. JACKSON: I think it was huge for us. We had all our pieces back after a couple weeks and we was able to get an Indiana team that was hot at the end of the season. We really needed that for momentum coming into post-season.

KEYSHAWN WOODS: Like CJ said, the most important part about that, we had all our pieces, and just to see all of us fight, you know, really excited for all of us playing together like a team and being really, really connected in that game was what was most important to all of us and it showed -- with us getting that win that got us here, we're where we're at now.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the Buckeyes of Ohio State?

Okay. Gentlemen, thank you very much and best of luck tomorrow.

KEYSHAWN WOODS: Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Head coach of the Buckeyes is with us, Chris Holtmann.

CHRIS HOLTMANN: Okay. Excited about obviously tomorrow night, late game. We're playing a terrific Iowa State game, who has had an outstanding year. Steve and his team obviously have been playing really well here of late.

We are excited, like I said, about the opportunity. I think we've had some really good moments of play here in the last couple of weeks really in the last week and a half. So going to be a great challenge, but most of these games this time of year are.

THE MODERATOR: First question right there in the aisle. Thank you.

Q. Chris, if you would talk about the significance of consecutive years in the NCAA Tournament and just how a program shoots to try and be in the tournament more often than not.
CHRIS HOLTMANN: Well, you know, Paul, I think it's really important for your program as -- when you take over, as you're trying to kind of grow it in the way that you and your staff would like for it to be, I think you want kids who are excited about playing this time of year and have that as a goal, and not only playing but advancing and moving forward and playing as long as possible.

We always talk about wanting to recruit kids that want to play for championships and I think that's going to be really important for us as we move forward. We've obviously got a lot of young guys on our team. That's been well-documented. I think having those guys get some experience last year, although, you know, we have some of those young guys who didn't play a whole lot in last year's two games. They're going to play a lot in this year's game. Having our young guys currently on our roster is going to help us moving forward. Can't overstate how important it is to be able to start off these two years and be in the tournament.

Q. Chris, just a few minutes ago Bob Hurley was up there, sitting down, talking about the emotions of going against his former school. You went through that last year when you played Butler. Can you just kind of explain the emotions that a coach goes through playing the school where he built something just a few years before?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: It's miserable. It's miserable. It's the worst coaching experience of my life. I hate to overstate it, but I'm really not. That was pretty fresh, given I think there's been, what, three, four years. Four years. So it's different. But you still feel tied in a lot of ways emotionally to the program and to the school.

Our staff was six months removed really. So the timing of it was -- was miserable. You have very conflicted feelings. You feel compelled to prepare your current team as well as possible and yet, at the same time, in our case, you know, we recruited all those guys and there's -- it's a conflicted feeling. I think you wouldn't be human if that wouldn't be the case.

The good thing for him is there's been some separation of years. And I don't know how many players that he recruited, but obviously he recruited the coach and there's some emotional ties there.

Q. We asked the basketball coach over at Oklahoma all the time about managing in the shadow of a football giant. You've covered this ground with probably your beat writers up in Columbus, but while you're here I'd like to ask how -- your philosophy on that and how you've accepted that challenge especially coming from Butler where obviously basketball maybe was on a different plane in terms of the athletic department.
CHRIS HOLTMANN: Are you telling me we're at a football school?

Q. I've heard that.
CHRIS HOLTMANN: Breaking news. You know, it's interesting. I do think there's some real -- talked a lot about that. It's a different -- right, it's different. Butler where it was driven really in a lot of ways by men's basketball. It's a dynamic that -- in a lot of ways I've really enjoyed seeing a program that has been so successful for so long and I've kind of -- we've tried to really embrace that and use it for what we believe the strengths that it can be for our program.

I think that anytime you are -- you know, working alongside programs that have achieved excellence, that can be inspiring, encouraging. That can be a real positive thing. That's how we've chosen to look at it. That's how we'll continue to do that.

We've really enjoyed it. Certainly it's different. The passion in some ways are different when -- I get that and I understand that. And I think I had a decent understanding of it going in, but it's still, once you're in it, you recognize it for what it is and we've kind of chosen to embrace it.

Q. Have you embraced it to the point where you use that in terms of recruiting?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: Yeah.

Q. The guys at UO, for instance, will gladly show off the stadium on fall afternoons. Is that something you do up in Columbus?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: I think part of that, part of embracing it is in fact that. Showing -- whether it's facilities or, you know, number of times where we've had recruits spend time with Urban in the past, and we'll do it with Ryan in the future.

Absolutely. I think that's part of it. Our staffs have collaborated on things, talked about recruiting a lot. We've even -- there have been some football basketball recruits we've spent time with. It's going to continue to be that.

We have a tremendous AD in Gene Smith who I think recognizes, as we all do, how important football is. But also I think he has an appreciation for what we can be as a basketball program, and that's all you can ask for.

Q. Having a guy like Keyshawn Woods as a senior, playing the way he has as of late, and does that kind of make you think that it's a guy that sees where his career is and doesn't want it to end any sooner than it has to?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: We've talked about this, you know, I think there's been tremendous value in just that what you said, him being a guy who is one of our better players, who his goal from day one has been how do I get to the tournament, and that's been his focus and that's been his mindset. He understands that what happens next in terms of his future, he'll continue to play. But really his focus has been "How do I get our team to the tournament." And he's been successful in doing that. Obviously he wants to stay here as long as possible.

So, you know, it's encouraged us to maybe look at that type of a young man in another recruiting class, because I think the addition of him -- it's different. This group needed some experience in a lot of ways. It was imperative. He's had great -- that mindset and that approach has had great value for us.

Q. Your team played a Gonzaga team last year in the run of 32 that was coming off of a WCC title, coming off a Big 12 Tournament title this year. Is there anything different that you tell your teams in preparation for a team that is on a streak or coming off a conference title?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: You have to recognize how much confidence they're playing with right now. And I think it means -- it's important for us to have a good start. We did not have a great start in the Gonzaga game. We were fortunate to climb back and actually take the lead in the second half.

I do think the reality is they're playing as good as a handful of teams in the country, they are. And we know the environment is going to be very much a road environment and we expect that, given how well they travel and the location.

We'll need to be -- we'll need to be good, we'll need to be good from the start.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the head coach of Ohio State? Okay. Thank you, Chris, and best of luck.

CHRIS HOLTMANN: Thank you.


Q. Back, you know, four years ago did you imagine that you guys could get where you are, maybe the NCAA two, three years as you entered Division I?
DREW MCDONALD: This experience has been incredible. When I came here a couple years ago, I knew it was going to be a process, a journey and I didn't know what to expect. Coming here I knew we had a foundation, we had something that was built and very new Division 1. Didn't know what to expect.

We came and bought into the Coach's plan, and I knew I wanted to be part of that foundation. I didn't know success would come as early as it did. The fact that we've gone to two NCAA tournaments in two years and first three years eligible, that is amazing.

Q. Obviously Coach Brannen was the right choice. Is that the key, did he have a vision to build what he's built?
DREW MCDONALD: Absolutely. He called me the first night he got the job and talked about his vision that he had, why he was taking this job. I mean yeah, home town school and where he's from. He saw a lot more for this university like I did. We had that vision and he had that vision specifically and came in and built that culture and really demanded it out of us and the players and the players he recruited to come there. It was his vision we work every day and that's really why we've gotten where we are today.

Q. Tyler, you went to Louisville your first year as a walk-on. When you transferred to NKU, it was through that transition, how that went for you and what helped you make that decision to leave a program where you were from basically, Louisville to come to NKU.
TYLER SHARPE: Basically I just wanted to find an opportunity where I could compete every day and contribute to success of the program, and I had a couple pretty close friends growing up that played AAU that were on the team at the time, and one of them called me and was like you should come up here after I signed the transfer. I came up to NKU on a visit.

Coach Brannen honestly he didn't sugarcoat anything. He told me it would be tough and a grind. Might not be what I was looking for, but what I did see is just the work ethic the guys had, the success they had the previous year and Coach Brannen, I saw a lot of myself in as opposed to his work ethic and ambition. I thought that was a place I could fit in, and I really just kind of fed on myself and I get it worked out.

Q. Drew and Jalen, what has stuck out on this Texas Tech basketball team for both of you guys looking at film the last few days?
JALEN TATE: They're definitely a great group of guys. They shoot it really well. Have a lot of athletic guys. What sticks out most though, they're one of the top teams defensively in the country. We focused on that, being able to still run our offense and still get into the pace of the game the way we like it. Like to slow the game down some. The Coach definitely put that in front of us and put it into work this week in practice.

DREW MCDONALD: They're one of the best teams in the country for a reason. Defense is amazing. Create a lot of turnovers. Offensively they play really hard. Obviously they have a Top 10 pick in the draft. That kind of starts with him and players that play off of him. They have good spacing and movement on offense. They shoot the ball really well. I think mostly they just play really hard and we'll have to match that energy and intensity.

Q. Jalen, I know you didn't start your career as a point guard. How has that gone for you, and do you think like a point guard now?
JALEN TATE: I feel I am getting there to thinking like a point guard more every possession. Obviously it's been a difficult transition moving from the 2 to the 1. The Coach has been behind me and my teammates as well have been keeping me confident in that and trying to keep my head up as far as being confident, as far as just taking care of the ball and getting into the offense, keeping pace, stuff like that. So, it's been definitely a better experience now more than during the beginning.

Q. Drew and Tyler, kind of wanted to get your thoughts as to how you feel the team is playing, especially after winning the conference tournament. How is your confidence right now?
TYLER SHARPE: Coach always tells us we're going to make sure we're playing our best basketball 10th through the 12th in the conference tournament. Hit a little bit of a bumpy road in February. I believe we were like 4-4. We just had to stick to it and we were able to regroup in the conference tournament like we always say, we felt we were playing our best basketball. Coming into this tournament we're looking to continue that. Just keep doing what we're doing, working hard every day, and continue to ascend in the right direction.

DREW MCDONALD: I believe this team is more confident, more connected, and we're playing our best basketball than we ever have right now. It took some bumps in the road to get there, but every season that's how college basketball is. There will be bumps in the road. All of ours happened February felt like.

But I think we've rebounded from that. That was really a positive from the team. I think it's really got our sense of urgency higher, brought us together and brought us more connected. I think you could see that those who have watched in Detroit the last two games we played, March 11th and 12th, and especially the championship game. That was one of the best games we played all year. Really connected defensively, we were flying around. Having fun out there as a team. I feel like this is what this team is capable of. We've had a great week of practice and I think we're looking to play better come Friday.

Q. Playing in basketball-mad state like Kentucky, does that help bring attention to your program when you got powers like Louisville and Kentucky within the state borders, or do you feel a sense of being overshadowed by those two at times?
THE MODERATOR: Jalen, start with you.

JALEN TATE: I feel there's a sense a little of both. There being such a Kentucky mad when it comes to basketball in the state, it's like it brings out the commitment to a lot of our games, and honestly you have that support but there is also a sense with us playing Louisville and Kentucky in the tournament the last couple of years of just, you know, we're still kind of overshadowed because we didn't perform the way we wanted to in those games, per se, like I said, a little of both.

TYLER SHARPE: Yeah, I would have to say the same thing, honestly. Kentucky fans in the state are wild. You go far west, far east or everywhere, and they're showing up to Kentucky games that are all the way across the country. It's going to be tough for us to build that brand up to that level. Same goes for Louisville, they sell out a 22,000-seat arena every night. Our goal is continue to work hard and get to the success we have and over time start to build our brands, not necessarily exceed those two programs, but just keep building it so where we have our own fan base and it's not Kentucky fans, but we also have all fans.

DREW MCDONALD: I think the region we're in just right across from Cincinnati, you have Cincinnati and Xavier, less than ten minutes away. You have five Division I programs within an hour and a half of each other. So, it's definitely a basketball crazy area and I think that's helped us in the fact that we've kind of been the Cinderella story, we've kind of come from nowhere.

I think we've kind of been the team that can be a second supporting team or Kentucky or Xavier. We're the second team. We're going to work to keep building that brand. We're growing continuously, the university as well and the entire area. We've become Northern Kentucky's team, essentially. We'll continue to build on that. I'm not going to say we'll over take Kentucky and Louisville because they're blue bloods.

You look where Wichita State was or Xavier was, 10, 20 years ago, we're not that much different than that. Just the whole university, I can see us definitely being a big time program in the future.

THE MODERATOR: We are under five minutes in this session.

Q. This question is for all three of the young men, how you guys feel that the last two post-seasons have set-up where you're at today?
DREW MCDONALD: Experience is never -- it's always something you like to have. You can't -- you can rely on it at times and I think we have a couple of us, Jalen, Dantez, myself who have played in NCAA Tournament games before, most of the team played at Louisville in the NIT. That experience, that post-season we get some experience that we're there, just playing in different arena, neutral site with all the media and the exposure we get that we're not always used to. It definitely helps. Can't hurt.

I think at the end of the day, Coach and the players have done a great job of taking us another game. We focus. Every game is a championship game for us. We'll take that mentality moving forward. The experience never hurts.

TYLER SHARPE: Kind on what he said. We do a good job. Our coaching staff treats every day like we're preparing for a championship and so we prepare every day as if we were about to go play in the NCAA Tournament, so when we get here it's not a shock and awe feeling.

Obviously, like Drew said, we don't have media exposure every day or week that you do when you get to the level of this, but I think our preparation every day to play for a championship and compete for championships just kind of instills the confidence and allows us to come to these moments and not being shell-shocked.

JALEN TATE: Obviously like they said, two years we've had prior leading up to them, kind of prepared us for this year, and it's like you're going to continue to get better and continue to improve your preparation. So the experience that we've had before has allowed us to be prepared as we are this week and getting ready to play well tomorrow.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the young men from Northern Kentucky? All right. Gentlemen. Thank you very much. Best of luck.

The head coach of the Northern Kentucky, John Brannen. We're going to ask him to make an opening statement about his team, about being here in Tulsa, then we'll go to questions.

JOHN BRANNEN: What an honor it is to compete in the NCAA Tournament. Very appreciative of Tulsa. Been an amazing host. I actually got a text this morning from Dari Nowkhah, one of Tulsa's greats, welcoming me to Tulsa.

It's been really good. Excited to get a chance to compete on this stage against a team in my mind one of the best of the country. Certainly Coach Beard has done an amazing job and probably one of the top coaches in the country. It will be a tremendous challenge for us tomorrow in a lot of different facets. The guys are excited to have the opportunity to get out here for the second time in three years on this stage and hopefully perform to our best.

Q. John, when you took this job, did you envision that this two NCAA berths in three years, did you think that that could happen that quickly?
JOHN BRANNEN: Yeah. I get this question a lot, John. I didn't put a ceiling on this team and this program. The expectation it we would be sitting here one day. Didn't know it would happen this quick. I am surprised it hasn't picked up more national exposure in terms of -- I don't know how many Mid Major programs have actually been to an NCAA Tournament and NIT Tournaments and won two league titles much less in a program that's been eligible to do it in those three years -- that's kind of caveat. Something our young men deserve a ton of credit for because there's a lot of sustainability on the roster and lot of guys that have gone through it for the first few years. Once we started doing it, we've been able to sustain it and continue to build on it. That has been a real accomplishment.

Q. John, what stands out about Jarrett Culver? Does he remind you of anybody you might have seen in the last couple years?
JOHN BRANNEN: Anytime it's on film, it's different when you see him in person. His length and speed, his ability to get where he wants to go. The great ones always looks like they have about 30 percent more to give. That what he looks likes. He always looks like he can turn it on at anytime. That's s sign of unbelievable talent. The piece people miss on unless you're a coach, the fact that he does it within their system, defends at a high level and does all the other little things at a high level, not just scores like a Top 10 draft pick he is. That's impressive.

Q. Coach, just in terms of what you were able to do getting on this run and winning the Conference Tournament, how much did the adversity through the season help you get there? What's the team's confidence going into the tournament?
JOHN BRANNEN: It's a great question. Last year we went 15 - 3 and wasn't a whole lot of adversity. This year we also won the regular season title at 15 - 5. We were 3 - 4 one time in February. Little bit of lull in terms of we've done this before, when is March coming? I think that adversity helped. We went through some injuries. I don't think we're sitting here today without that adversity.

We didn't really experience that until the end of the year last year when we were upset in our conference tournament. I like where this team is at. There won't be a coach that's sitting up that you don't like where your team is at AQ, automatic qualifier. You have to be playing your best basketball. I certainly like where our guys are in terms of mentally.

Q. With what Texas Tech is able to do on the defensive end, how to counteract that?
JOHN BRANNEN: Selection Sunday is like Christmas morning only I didn't ask to play Texas Tech. You know what I mean? They get to ask what they want their gifts to be. They're an unbelievable defensive team. From a coaching standpoint, it's enjoyable to watch. I'm on the other side of it. I have to come with a plan to attack it. Not many teams have been able to do that. We have great spacing, be able to move the basketball. At the end of the day you have to make some shots. My assistants are in charge of making shots. Hopefully it will get done tomorrow.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the head Coach of Northern Kentucky?

Q. What will your message be to the team, playing with house money or do you expect to win? What's the mindset when you go into like this sort of three, four team sort of matchup?
JOHN BRANNEN: Our mindset it's a 4 team tournament. That's the approach we've always taken. Third straight year playing in post-season. It's a four team tournament. Obviously our focus is Texas Tech and our ability to play well. We'll focus on the process of what we do which is every possession and that's the only way you can do it. Coach speak in a lot of ways for people that are inside the eye of the storm. If you're going to compete at this level it's possession by possession. There may be a few other things I'll say you that I won't share with you.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for John? All right. Thank you very much. Best of luck tomorrow.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Norense, back in the NCAA Tournament, just what are you looking for about the experience and being here with these guys and the rest of your teammates?
NORENSE ODIASE: Another chance at achieving its ultimate goal. Last year we had a good run with those guys. We achieved heights that the school never reached before, and this year we're just ready to create our own story. We have two seniors that's never been on this stage before and very happy to get them there. We just want to build off this year, off what we did in the regular season, and continue to finish strong.

Q. This for both Matt and Tariq. Does it feel real now for you guys? Because you heard the hype probably from your teammates, but now to be here and see this, how real does it make it?
TARIQ OWENS: Definitely feels real. Since we got here, we've been enjoying our time working, you know, and just feels great. This is great. Just feels great to achieve this goal.

MATT MOONEY: Yeah, something we wanted to be here all year, this was our goal from day one. But not just be here, to win the whole thing and take it one game at a time. But no, feels real. Coach wants us to soak it in, but at the same time get ready to play a game. We're starting to lock in now.

Q. Can you describe maybe the way some of the methodology that Coach has used to get Texas Tech away from kind of a dry period and have sustainable success? Question for Matt and also for Tariq.
MATT MOONEY: Yeah, I'd say that's probably why I chose Texas Tech because I saw something in Coach Beard. He's established the culture here of winning, holding everybody accountable. He just -- when he was recruiting me, I knew this guy is going to win, he's going to get it done. He surrounds himself with great people.

The staff is amazing. He recruits great guys that are good team guys. Other than, he's a tough dude, demands toughness in defense, and he's a brilliant coach as well.

TARIQ OWENS: What I would describe it, one of his methods is the process. You know, everybody from top to bottom, first guy to last guy, everybody is in the gym. Constant work everyday.

You know, that's just the culture of our team. Everybody enjoys the work. Nobody gets tired of it. This is the main thing that brought me here. I enjoy the work. These guys up here with me enjoy the work. That's what we've been doing all year.

Q. Talk about the experience of this year, maybe as opposed to last year and just a little bit of the ride here coming into this week's tournament.
BRANDONE FRANCIS: Feel pretty good to be back, especially with the new guys, Matt and Tariq and especially Norense. Trying to stay composed. We know what's expected of us. Just try to go out there and play together.

Q. Matt, how important is being disciplined from stopping them from shooting tomorrow 3s.
MATT MOONEY: We know a lot of times in this tournament upsets happen from 3s. In this tournament anything can happen, teams get hot. They're a really good shooting team. We're going to have to defend the 3-point line as part of our game plan to defend the 3-point line.

Q. Norense rents and in particular, what kind of role as far as rebounding is this going to play for you guys having to face a team that does primarily live and die with the 3 ball, and how important has it been for you guys as far as your preparation for this game?
NORENSE ODIASE: Huge. Post-season play, even regular season play usually comes down to key in rebounding. It's a factor in every game. It can win you games or lose you games. We know on this stage we got to secure all the boards. It just helps us achieve our goal of winning this game. It's been an emphasis all year. We don't change what we do all year now so just rebounding. We talk about it every day, and it's an emphasis for sure.

TARIQ OWENS: Pretty much, we got to secure the boards. We got to box out. Can't give them any second chance opportunities. Just important something we've been focusing on all year. A team that shoots primarily 3s, there's going to be some long boards. It will take a group effort. All five guys will have to get on the glass. Guards rebounding down, things like that.

Q. For Norense, can you talk about Jarrett and the evolution you've seen in him as a player and person since he first showed up on campus?
NORENSE ODIASE: Lot of growth. He sticks to the process. Him and Zhaire did that last year. They came in and followed our leaders that we have. They still follow leaders, from the DAs to the coaches to the staff. He's a great listener. He's a team guy. That's really helped him develop as a player. He's in the gym every day working. That's just a testament to how he is as a player now.

Q. When did you have the feeling that he could have that kind of special season?
NORENSE ODIASE: Honestly we knew last year. We knew last year he's that type of player. He puts in the work. He's obviously talented. He just had it last year, a different role. We knew last year he was the type of player that he is now.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the student-athletes of Texas Tech?

Q. Norense and Brandone, how is last year's experience in the tournament helping prepare you for what you're facing this year?
BRANDONE FRANCIS: Help us big time so we can guide some of the new guys, especially the freshmen and me and Tariq being new to it. They're going to be just fine. They played a lot of games. And I think it will be fine, especially if we stick together as a group. I think it's going to help us big time.

NORENSE ODIASE: Helps a lot. One thing we got to tell them, don't let the bright lights get you from who you are. What you did day one in November the first game, do it again because it got us to this point. Don't change because the scenery changed, the time changes, the excitement. Don't change the process that you've done to get to this point, and that's what we really got to harp on.

Last year we didn't change, had a great run. This year we want to take it even further, but game by game, day by day, stay with the process and stay level throughout.

Q. Talk about the development of Davide Moretti this year.
BRANDONE FRANCIS: He played with a lot of confidence. He's a great defender now. He's tough. He plays tough. He's one of our leaders even though he's a sophomore. He's playing amazing for us. He plays. He pays the price every single day. We're excited. Norense's roles changed. He's able to step into his role with confidence knowing he wasn't going to get out of the game. He had some strength to play confidence and strong with this team. He's having fun. It worked out for us, his development, and we're excited to watch him on the stage.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the Red Raiders? All right, gentlemen. Thank you very much. Best of luck tomorrow.

Chris, please.

CHRIS BEARD: Just like every other in this tournament, we're just excited to be here. We never take this for granted. It's so hard to win games at our level and make the NCAA Tournament. It's something we just cherish, and our team this year was led by four seniors. Just proud of those guys.

Had a lot of respect for Northern Kentucky. We feel like I'm a fan at this point, I've watch so many games. I love the way they play. I don't know their coach personally but just had an exchange in the hallway here and just so happy for them to be a championship team.

Having coached at the mid major level, I understand how hard it is to win your conference tournament after you had a championship great season. We were able to do that at Little Rock. This is a tough team that's really, really good. We expect them to play great tomorrow. We know we'll have to play our best game of the year to advance in this tournament.

Q. I wonder if you could describe maybe the process -- that's a word that one of guys actually used is "process" -- of not just building a program but sustaining it and some of the lessons you got along the ways as assistant coach whether it was Tom Penders or Bob Knight, and how you applied that to your time here at Texas Tech?
CHRIS BEARD: I think among many goals that we had when we got the Tech job, our third years, we're trying to build a program, not just to have a good team. And there's a big difference. And so last year we had a great run in this tournament. We didn't want that to define who we are in our program.

I'm so proud to be back up here on this stage this year. Again, don't ever take this for granted but we start talking about programs versus team talking about consistency. Each team and coach has a different way to go about it. Our plan is our process. We've got a day-to-day process that went in from strength conditioning to individual work, to practice, to embracing academics, to an unselfish culture. Many things go into our day-to-day process.

Makes me happy that those guys use the same word. You know, so we just -- we don't really have a week plan, month plan. I've always been the guy that had a day-to-day plan. Our plan is to execute the process. This team has done that about as well as any team I've ever coached.

Q. Coach, you talked about building a program. How much more of a challenge is it to do that when you're in a place like Lubbock that's a little bit off the beaten path, maybe you don't have the quite the tradition of Kansas or somebody like that? What does that add to the challenge of what you're trying to do?
CHRIS BEARD: In terms of Lubbock, it's a huge advantage. Those of you who have been to Tech, you understand that. We have some of the best fans in college basketball. We sell out games in the 15,000-seat arena. We have a great college town, so that's an advantage.

But I do respect the question in terms of tradition. We have great basketball tradition at Texas Tech. My lifetime, Coach Myers is a coach and athletic director, certainly James Dickey, Bob Knight, most recently Tubby Smith, and we're trying to take it to the next level.

In recent history that's one thing we had to kind of overcome. Now having Zhaire, Keenan, and Zach in the NBA, so right now certainly we have NBA players on this year's team, we're starting to get into the world of building a tradition.

We're in the early stages of it, but recruiting is not hard at Texas Tech. We have a great academic institution. As we have success, we're building tradition and this helps.

Q. Coach, you've had a chance to see Iowa State a couple times this season and both of you are here in. What are your thoughts about the Cyclones? Is there anything about them that you think they can make a run?
CHRIS BEARD: Coach Prohm is a friend of mine. My mind is on Northern Kentucky right now.

Q. Coach, I followed your history and from Marietta to McCullough High School in the Woodlands to where you're at today, what has been one or two of the driving force that's have gotten you to where you're at today? Because you've won every place you've been right now: Fill us in a little bit.
CHRIS BEARD: That's impressive. I haven't heard Marietta in awhile. Ever been to The Varsity? Great. Best hot dog in America. Chili and cheese, no onions.

People ask that all the time. I used to kind of shy away from it, but now I kind of embrace it. The reason we win, we have good players. It's a player's game whether it be Jamal Brown or Omar "Cuco" at Seminole, whether the vet, Jacoby Jackson with "D'Maury," Josh "Haygains" with Little Rock or Kenan Evans at Texas Tech, we've had good players. Try to get guys that want to be coached. Try to get guys that want to play for the team and the program and not themselves and this year's team is a great example of that.

We've got guys that are playing for Texas Tech not what's on the back of their jersey, their name. So, I appreciate that question. It's always a compliment, but it's really simple answer. We've had good players everywhere we've coached. We take care of them, coach them hard, love them. We help them graduate. That's really the key to our success is our players.

Q. There's going to be a lot of people seeing one of the best players in college basketball. What can folks expect to see when they see him?
CHRIS BEARD: The secret it out. For the longest time we were kind of under the radar, but simply stated, I think Jarrett is one of the best players in college basketball. How do you go from being a non-top recruit and two years later you're a lottery pick, in my opinion.

I did tell him the other day, even if the lottery works out, if he wants to come back to Tech, we have a spot for him. If we run out of scholarships when he goes through the NBA process, we can still get him to walk on. He looked at me like I was crazy.

The whole world sees his talent tomorrow night. You'll see his length and athleticism and ability to play on both ends. What the world doesn't know is the work ethic, the character, great teammate. But above all, when I think of Culver, I think of love of the game.

I was never a great player myself, but no one loves this game more than me, nobody. I just grew up loving it, play it, just love basketball. Culver loves it as much as I do, and I've only said that about a few players in my career.

Jarrett is a guy we just had a local practice at a high school before we came over here and Culver trying to get him to the bus, let's go. He wants to get off five more shots, wants to play the manage one-on-one. Wants to watch two more clips on his laptop. He's a student of the game. That why he's going to be a great pro. He'll be an NBA All Star one day.

When you love something this much, when talent intersects with love of the game, special things happen. That's what happened in Lubbock. Last year Zhaire Smith, Keenan Evans. Culver is a guy that loves basketball, loves it.

Q. As a man who has coached at various different levels, you said you've been a fan of what Northern Kentucky has been able to do. Obviously the first several years in, Division I. Having coached at different levels, does that impress you more with what they've been able to accomplish more quickly?
CHRIS BEARD: One hundred percent. One of the best untold stories in college basketball. I pride myself in watching games and knowing everything that's going on. I didn't understand how quickly Coach has built a program. If I'm not mistaken, NCAA Tournament, NIT, NCAA Tournament, players have changed. They have an identity. Yeah, it's been special.

In our state my former player and good friend Joe Golding has done something similar at Abilene Christian. He haven't gotten into the consistency yet. Northern Kentucky has. I'm a fan at this point, watching their games. Definitely be a guy that I reach out to this spring and summer and try to get with him and talk some basketball because I love a lot of things they're doing.

Q. Apologies for asking a stupid question, but The Varsity you mentioned piqued my curiosity. Were you born in Marietta? How long did you live in the Atlanta area?
CHRIS BEARD: Both my parents are from Atlanta. My grandparents, I was born in Marietta originally, moved to Texas, young life, I don't know, first or second grade. Always at that time trip back every summer. My dad got two weeks off a year. That's where some of the work ethic comes from that I get. One week those five days will be my sporting events whether, it be football, baseball or basketball.

The other we're loading up the car on Saturday morning, 5 am driving straight to Atlanta. Staying two days with grandparents and going to Panama City Beach. Staying at the same motel, eat at the same restaurants. Routine. Another thing with our process. Got this from my dad. We're going to go to The Varsity twice even though we'll be there three days. He's going to relive all the stories about how he went there as a kid. He's going to show me where he scored the game-winning touchdown, where he went on his first date.

Q. Where did he play?
CHRIS BEARD: Sprayberry High School. My mom and my dad at Marietta High. I'm getting two hot dogs, mustard, chili, cheese, no onions. Fries with a side of chili on the fries, and I'm doing the chocolate milk on ice. The next person I saw do that was Bob Knight. Coach Knight used to have Dr. Pepper and chocolate milk on ice. Think about that one.

It's a special place. When I was recruited to Atlanta. A little bit over the year we always go back, Al Pinkins who is now at Florida, Al is from the South, too. So we went to The Varsity. I think we spent $32 between the two of us last time went to The Varsity. Do the math on that.

Q. You're going to have what appears to be a decent following in the stands tomorrow. Iowa State gets a lot of publicity for the passion that fan base brings. Out of the box reaction to the draw here, it's several thousand Cyclone fans. I get the sense your base has really latched on to what you guys have done the last few years. I was wondering if you could speak to that and what kind of crowd you expect to have behind you tomorrow?
CHRIS BEARD: First of all, we've always had great fans, tradition of Tech basketball. We're not rebuilding it, just awakening it again, trying to get it to the next level.

Last year we had some great support not only in Dallas but in Boston. I expect the same. I'll call it. We'll have a great showing of Red Raider nation here. We have a lot of respect for Iowa State. We talk about their program a lot. We're trying to get in the same neighborhood they're in. We're getting very close to doing it.

We have great fans. You work really hard to have a season like we had with this seed. It's what you're working for. You want the people that supported you all year long to have a chance to watch you in the NCAA Tournament. We're proud to be in Tulsa. I used to coach at Seminole State College. I'm an Oklahoma guy. I have a lot of fans and friends that live here.

We're glad to be at the Embassy Suites. We used to stay there back in JUCO, put eight guys to a bed, two to a bed, two to the bed, two on a couch, freshmen on the floor. Free beer at Happy Hour, always good for the SIDs and assistant coaches. Not me during the season, after the season, yes. Went to Jamil's Steakhouse last night. Top ten steakhouse in this part of the country. We're glad to be in Tulsa. Anybody been to Jamil's?

THE MODERATOR: I have.

CHRIS BEARD: Big time. Get the prime rib.

Q. More than the 32-dollar bill?
CHRIS BEARD: Yes. Especially at this level. when we're at Seminole, went to see Cici's Pizza off of 44. 4.99 without a drink. Can't do it. What do you want, Coach? 4.99? Free drink?

Can our bus drivers eat for free?

How many bus drivers do you have?

Four.

Same guy running that Cici's off 44, thank you.

Q. Talking about the hot dogs, been to coney I-lander?
CHRIS BEARD: Is that a chain?

Q. It's a Tulsa chain.
CHRIS BEARD: Place here that's a root beer place.

Q. Weber's.
CHRIS BEARD: That's the spot.

Any basketball questions?

Q. Coach, with you playing on Friday this year, how much are you actually paying attention to what's going on around in the tournament if at all, or is it just completely focused on Northern Kentucky?
CHRIS BEARD: Yeah. One hundred percent Northern Kentucky. When we have team meals, we'll have the games going on for the environment of the tournament. Again, it's like dreaming the life. Never take it for granted getting here.

I love the Friday draw because you can experience Thursday, too. I'd like every year to play the Friday last game so you get to enjoy the whole deal. Special time of the year, but really haven't looked at the bracket. Kind of know my friends are in the tournament. Know the Big 12 teams because we're exchanging texts. I we've always set this up as a four-team tournament. There's four teams in ours. We got to win two games to try to advance. Easy to talk about, really difficult to do.

That's always been our mindset. The bracket comes out, we just enjoy it for 30 seconds, we get our guys in the room, close the door. Say it's a four-team tournament. Most important game in any tournament is the first game. If you're fortunate to win that, which is really hard to do, then you got a chance to win one more to try to advance to the regional.

THE COURT: Anything else for the head coach? All right. Chris, thank you very much. Best of luck.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Kelvin, just you know, after a big year, 32 wins American regular season championships and now second year in a row to the tournament, what does this mean -- win mean for your program?
KELVIN SAMPSON: You know, I don't know if I quantify it like that. I think everything you said was important, we just want to advance. I think looking back at something means it's over. We've got another game Sunday. This is such a special group of kids in term of their preparation, their leadership, especially Corey and Galen. I think what we've done, you know, some people appreciate it more than others, you know. That's fine.

But we know what we're accomplishing. We're moving toward our goal. Everybody wants to play as long as they can in this tournament as they can. So our focus is just live to fight another day. And Sunday will be a big game, and if we play well, we'll have a chance. That's all I care about.

Q. Coach, you say that you just want to advance. Many times you didn't advance out of the first round. To do it as impressively as did you and, like you said, match, the way you played all season, you have to be -- feel good about the guys doing what they can do instead of playing a game they're not used to.
KELVIN SAMPSON: Yeah. You know, we stay inside our cocoon. Jerome is not -- you just described a very big picture of something. I'm not really a big picture guy when it comes to preparing our team. I was more focused on, for instance, one of the adjustments we made, we stopped running stuff. Just move the ball. Our worse stretch when the ball is in Galen's hands during the first half when we trying to run an action, a play, if you will.

We said we don't need to run anything, move it. Get the ball moving from side to side. It will find the right shot. Then once we get them moving and the ball is shot, if we don't make it, we'll have a good angle to go get offensive rebounds. I was focused more on that.

As far as the implications of playing good as it relates to winning the first round game, I don't really ever focus on that, you know. You get pounded in if you lose, that's for sure. If you don't play well, you're going to lose. Saw a lot of teams yesterday and today didn't play good and they lost. That's just the way it is. It's a tournament. It's not the NBA where it's four out of seven.

We've won 32 games. One thing that we know how to do is we know how to win a game. That's apparent.

Q. Corey, given how last year's season came to an abrupt end, how much did that exit last year drive you for this year's NCAA Tournament?
COREY DAVIS, JR.: I feel like all the returners who came back from last year's game, they've been on fire since June. We all experienced what it felt like to lose in March and especially in that type of fashion. I mean, that's -- you can't have better motivation as that point, especially for me as a senior, Galen, everybody feeling like felt after that game. We're always trying to put our team in the best position to win.

Q. Kelvin, you came out with a real hot start, up 19 - 5. How important were those starts to where you are right now?
KELVIN SAMPSON: You know, watching film, little bit different than seeing someone in person when you've only seen them on film. We hadn't seen -- obviously we hadn't seen them all year, just like they hadn't seen us all year. You know, once you see them in person, the game gets going, you can figure out where you can hurt them. But Armoni got a lot of clean looks tonight. He did make one toward the end.

Our spacing, our spacing tonight was really good. In transition it was good. When you're running to slots and spacing in the corners and then we're able to kind of punch them inside with Breaon. Now you got them spread out. You got Corey in one corner and Armoni in the other, somebody in the slot. They've got to decide how they're going to guard Breaon. If they got somebody, he knew where his outlets were. They played him one-on-one, they played Breaon one-on-one, unless you have great length, he struggles to score over six-ten, six-eleven kids.

They didn't have those. We were content to space them and throw it inside to him. Anytime we got outside of who we were, we just kind of got back to home base.

Q. Corey, you tweeted after the game last week it was the worst game of your career by far. To come out like did you today, to have the kind of game you had today less than a week later, how does that hit you?
COREY DAVIS, JR.: That's the standards I set for myself. Because, I mean, I just want to be that guy that's a consistent person, just to give my team an uplift when they need him. I felt like the championships game I didn't do that at all on either sides of the ball, because there were a lot of plays I was getting blown by. I was very disappointed in my play in the championships game. I wanted to come back in the tournament, just kind of redeem myself individually, but make sure I was there for my teammates and just perform like I can perform.

Q. Fabian, can you talk about how aggressive you were from the start and how it was critical to what you did today?
FABIAN WHITE, JR.: We had a meeting, me and Coach Kelvin, it was a time in the season when the four of us weren't doing nothing. Other 4s were scoring against us and rebounding against us. Coach Sampson challenged me and us to rebound better and that's my focus every time I step on court now is just to rebound and play hard.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the gentlemen from Houston? All right. Well, then thank you and good luck Sunday.

Q. Steve, there was a point you went almost ten minutes without making a field goal in the first half. What did they do defensively that was so much of a challenge?
STEVE PROHM: It was 17 - 13. Got down 9 - 2, then up 17 - 13. I looked at one of the assistants. I said, "We ain't scoring forever."

I think a little bit was on them. I think a the lot of it was on us, too, from a standpoint of pace, shot selection, ball movement. I thought we kind of got back to being a little bit stagnant. We didn't move bodies like we needed to, and I thought we turned down some good looks to take tougher looks.

You know, you go back and watch the tape, you'll probably see that. Even Marial actually one time, you heard him say one time coming down, "I should have shot the first one."

I thought we had a lot of those moments. They really did a good job of gapping us, trying to keep us in front. You could hear them saying "elbows, elbows, gap, gap." We tried to drive and kick a lot and when it's really effective, it's tough to guard especially when you're making shots. You know, it wasn't a great offensive night. We competed defensively for the most part the last couple. The last couple minutes the rebounding really bothered us down the stretch.

Q. Steve, they were saying "elbows, elbows" --
STEVE PROHM: "Elbows," "gaps." I forget what his terminology was. What he's trying to do is just keep everything in front. When we drive what we call "drive the nail," we're driving the nail, they want to keep everything in front, but that's why we really got to space, space, space and you have to look at the tape to see how good the spacing was to where we can drive and kick and attack.

And, you know, there was a couple, you know, tough plays where, you know, we turned it over one time on one of those actions and they were able to convert two free throws. That was a big possession. You just hate to -- you want to -- if you get beat, you want to be at your best. Credit Ohio State for defensively being able to keep the pace the way they wanted. We just weren't able -- you got 17 - 13, that kind of sped it up a little bit. But then we went through the one drought and that killed us. We still had opportunities. We got it to 1 in the second half and I think maybe took the lead by 1. I don't know if that's right or not, but they came right back and scored with less than --

Q. Marial, final couple of minutes you guys are right there. What did you see as the difference in those last two minutes?
MARIAL SHAYOK: They got crucial offensive rebounds kind of sucked away our momentum. Like you say, we were right there but we couldn't execute down the stretch.

Q. Cameron, can you describe or put into words the battle down low with Wesson?
CAMERON LARD: I mean, he's a good player. Just came more focused than us tonight, and we went -- we didn't buy into the details the coach was telling us of not giving easy angles and all the little things and, he did that tonight so they got the win.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the gentlemen from Iowa State? Okay. Thank you very much. You're dismissed. Good luck in the future.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. NCAA Tournament, Nate, these three guys there haven't been a lot of games this season where all three of them had huge games. Today they get 20, 20 and 18. And Jeremy and Nick both ended up with ten rebounds. How good can this team be if those three keep playing like this?
NATE OATS: Combined for 60. It's March, win time. These guys are big time winners as you can get. They know when it's time to show up. We call Jeremy "Mr. March" for a reason. Nick had 20 as a freshman when we played Miami. CJ has been pretty good. I'm sure he's approaching being the all-time leading scorer in history.

These guys showed up this year. I think they know what has to get done to win big games, and they did it. 21 and 10, and 21 and 10, two guys double-doubles when really we were outmanned and outsized. Jeremy was huge for us on the glass. He had six with us at the half. I was happy with the effort on the glass.

Q. This question is for Nick. When you went in about five minutes into the game, what did you see? You're pretty good as coming in and kind of making a quick evaluation of what your team is doing. What did you see that your team needed to do at this point, and what did you do to really make an impact on changing the dynamic of the game early on?
NICK PERKINS: I thought the first four minutes they beat us to the punch. I previously told the guys, "You need to pick our pace on offense and get out and run on defense when we get stops." I think once we started doing that, that's when the game changed.

Q. All season were you building your resume to impress the selection committee to get a better seed? Was there any mindset, even though your fate has already been sealed with seeding, to make a statement with this win here in the first round?
JEREMY HARRIS: I mean, we're not really looking at the seeding anymore because everybody's record is zero and zero when the tournament starts. We try to lock in on the scouting report and just do what got us here.

CJ MASSINBURG: Yeah. For me, I would say that there still is one more statement to be made, just prove we belong with anybody in the country, you know. Some people that picked us to lose this game that we just played, so they might have thought that hey, they're just being hyped all year and stuff like that. So, I think we can play with anybody in the country, and we're going to try to make this deeper run.

Q. Kind of going off of that, what's it like to win an NCAA Tournament game the way that you did, but also the fact that you were expected to win this game. You were favored in this game, something that hadn't happened the previous three times this team has been to the tournament.
NICK PERKINS: I would say, you know, the NCAA Tournament, kind of like Jeremy said, everybody is zero, zero. Something different for Buffalo a mid major from a lower conference from some of these other schools. Good for the city and the program that we're able to be favored for an NCAA Tournament game. That probably hasn't happened in Buffalo history. I think it's a good thing.

JEREMY HARRIS: Can you repeat the question?

Q. Just saying that what is it like to win this game, not only the way you did, but you guys were expected to win. What is it like to do that, knowing that you were expected to win?
JEREMY HARRIS: I mean, of course it's a great feeling, it's March Madness. I think when the horn went off, we didn't celebrate as much because we feel like we can play with anybody in the country. So I mean, it's good to get a win, but we're not done yet, I don't think.

Q. Nick, this is for you. MAC title game struggled with fouls, didn't really score how you wanted. How were you able to get in the flow offensively today?
NICK PERKINS: Just slowing down. I think the MAC, the MAC conference, you know, I was kind of rushing things, rushing my shot, just rushing my play. I think tonight I was able to slow down a little bit mentally and just convert.

Q. How did your team contain Arizona State at the perimeter? I think they had 7, 8, three-point shots. I don't know the exact number.
CJ MASSINBURG: I would say our ball pressure and just playing team defense, you know, and it also helped with our spacing. They were kind of congested. So, weren't really that much help to be needed, but it's ball pressure.

NATE OATS: They were 3 for 22. We did an unbelievable job guarding the three-point line. They played two bigs. They're big up-front and typically they're two bigs except when they bring Cherry, they don't have a shooter. It's kind of what CJ was eluding to. With the spacing, you're able to kind of help a little bit more with having two non-shooters out there, which enabled us to crawl into the ball a little bit more. Somewhat what we did against Arizona last year.

Got -- they got really good guard play. They're not that deep. I also think playing Wednesday night and having to fly in here kind of late Wednesday night, they may have like tired legs and they missed some open shots, too. I thought our kids played hard and they had tired legs, and we definitely didn't want to give up inside play. We were fronting the post. They skipped it a couple times, got some open looks and did the right thing. Just missed them.

So -- but we knew they would be tired and we kind of planned on some of that.

Q. First couple possessions each of the half they went inside and were kind of controlling it for a couple plays. What did you guys do to go on some big runs and change the flow of the game in each of the halves?
JEREMY HARRIS: I mean, I'll take the blame for that one because I was supposed to be fronting the post both times so I didn't. Of course, he's bigger than me and stronger, but I figured it out and it didn't happen as much afterwards, so just following the scouting report. I lost focus a little bit, but I got it together.

NATE OATS: Part of it was the ball pressure wasn't great either. We had to pressure the ball. Everybody kind of came together. Jeremy had to guard Ristic from Arizona. He's done a good job. He's our starting forward and he's really six-seven, two guard. We got to help him out a little bit with ball pressure and backside help. We kind locked in. I wasn't happy with our start to the game. We gave up four points in transition and gave him some easy at the rims twos and once we settled in, knowing we couldn't win the game playing defense like that, everybody picked it up.

Q. Nate, kind of two parts to this. It looked like you kind of tightened up the rotation a little bit, only going with seven guys, and I think this goes hand-in-hand, Jayvon Graves gave you guys a pretty nice spark.
NATE OATS: He's really good. He's been playing really good basketball for the last month and a half, two months. He's really talented. His defensive abilities have really stepped up, which then I've been telling -- Jeremy leads us in scoring and him and Nick tied. Jeremy had the hardhat tonight and won it. Nick had the highest plus minus, plus 21. When you're doing rebounding defense, it's good.

Yeah, it's a little bit easier to shorten the rotation up, like these timeouts are seem like they're about five minutes long each. There's more timeouts seems like, just -- you know, we want to run, but you can keep playing at our pace, and I got couple freshmen down there that are going to be great in the future, just I didn't like the matchups a little bit tonight. That was part of it. Maybe the matchups will be a little bit different. If you look at Dort and Edwards, they had big, strong physical guards that just -- wasn't the matchups weren't there. So we did shorten the rotation up. You're able to do it with the way the timeouts are in the this tournament.

Q. NCAA Tournament, obviously heading into this, the big story line was you against Bobby. What are the emotions like going against him and certainly the outcome of the game?
NATE OATS: I mean, I thanked him for everything he done for my career before the game. He's a good friend. We kind of said on Sunday night when we talked, "Let's be friends before and compete like crazy." I think we both coached really hard. I just tried not to look down the other way and just coach the game. Try not to worry about coaching against a good friend. Just worry about coaching my team and our players -- our players are more experienced.

It's a little easier. We had a 6 seed. We talked all year about how good our regular season needs to up our seed. We were rewarded with a 6. They had to play Wednesday night. They were more tired, and we took advantage of it. After the game, he was super complimentary, said our kids played so hard coming from one of the hardest playing guys that ever played -- former MVP, couple national championships. He played hard. Said our kids are some of the hardest playing kids he's seen all years. Felt like there were seven guys on the floor they had to play against. We'll touch base I'm sure here in the next few days and renew the friendship.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for Buffalo? Last question right there on the edge.

Q. Is Caruthers okay? I didn't know if he came back in after game?
NATE OATS: He came back in and hit two free throws for us. He was a hundred percent at the free throw line. Him and -- everybody is banged up. It's the middle of March, the season is long. You start practice in September, about middle of March there's nobody -- I mean, they all got something. Remy was a little bit more banged up than normal but Dontay got something, Davonta has got some. Everybody got a little something.

He's one of the toughest kids I ever coached in my life. He came back in. Remember, he fumbled the ball around and almost turned it over. He got fouled and went to the free throw line and made two free throws after he got hurt.

THE MODERATOR: Gentlemen, congratulations, we'll see you Sunday.

NATE OATS: Thanks, everyone.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. Just would like your estimation, having seen those guys up close and personal now, how good do you think they are?
BOBBY HURLEY: I just thought we started the game well and it was like 14-14 and they hit one, and what we did to teams all year was out-rebound them. We were one of the best rebounding teams in the country this year. They were quicker to the ball than we were in the first half and their pressure is disruptive, their guards get after you and pressure you, so they take you out of your offense. More the second chance points.

Outscored by 9 in that department in the first half and being down 13, and usually we're on the other side of that number. So it just shows you how hard they play, how hard they compete, and then they're an older team. They have a bunch of seniors that have been to the tournament, that have won championships so they expect to win. It's no accident they've won 32 games.

Q. Coach, what did "Faduevu" mean to the team this season and how can you make up for that going forward or go with that absence moving forward?
BOBBY HURLEY: We just hope -- I love Taeshon Cherry the last two games in the tournament. May not reflect in points, but he's got a world of ability and I just hope he was paying close attention to what Zylan does on a day-in and day-out basis, how he shows up to practice, how he communicates, his attitude, his presence, his communication, his competitive drive.

You know, he's not afraid of any big moment. You know, he's unselfish. Not a guy that after a game, I'm surprised there's a box score in front of him right now because he's not the guy to go look for the box score, how many shot attempts he's had. He's a great person. To deal with everything that he's gone through in his personal life this season and to be able to be there for his teammates and be that type of player, he's got the makeup that's off the charts.

He's going to be a success, you know, at the NBA level. Someone is going to get lucky to have him on his team in a few months, and then beyond basketball, he's going to be a success.

I wouldn't be surprised to see him doing CBS or TNT game, Z can talk and communicate and he's got that charisma about him.

Q. Zylan, we talked about you coming home and wanting to put ASU basketball back on the map. Now that it's over, what are your thoughts about what you've done in this program and are you happy with where you've left it?
ZYLAN CHEATHAM: Yeah. Actually, I was just talking to Bobby about that. Obviously, I ended on not the most ideal situation. I mean, I left everybody on the floor. I hope my guys, like you said, kind of realize the impact that I had on them as far as competing everyday, bringing it everyday, being a positive leader, just being a positive person and trying to be a role model and better myself.

But as far as the mark I've left on this program, I mean I hope my fans and I hope the city remembers me in a positive light. I think we're going in the right direction. I think we've taken another step in the right direction as far as from last year to this year. So, to leave the program in the hands of guys like Remy, Romello, Taeshon, the list goes on and on, I know the future is extremely bright and I know this isn't the end of Arizona State basketball.

Q. I know it's hard, easier said than done, not to press and not to be impatient when you're down big early, Bobby, but did you feel impatience played just as much a factor as the fatigue?
BOBBY HURLEY: I thought we hit a stretch their pressure took us out of offense some and we might have took a lot of poor shots. We only had four turnovers at halftime. I think it was more our defense. We just didn't get stops there they had 43 points or something, 44 at half. That's too many in a game like this, and then it was the second chance points.

Q. Bobby, you guys didn't shoot the ball well from 3 today. When you look back over the course of the season, how much did that challenge you guys just overall shooting from the perimeter?
BOBBY HURLEY: It's something that's kind of gone -- in some of our games haven't gone our way. You could look at that statistic, and it seems likes there's a relationship between us having success and making a few more 3s than we're able to make. We were 0 - 9 at halftime. We're in the hole 13. We couldn't get any of those to go down. Everything like that matters in games like this.

Q. Remy, you're such a competitor. Just the way that you got hurt against Oregon, it had to be somewhat of a disappointment to have to go into a tournament in that kind of away. Now that's over, how do you reflect on how you were just able to kind of push through it and play out there?
REMY MARTIN: Well, the people around me, the people around me were able to, you know, keep me up and positive, and that's what is so special about this group. Just because one man is down doesn't stop the show. They're still positive and stay here to pick me up. The guy right here and coach were there to always tell me I'm still okay, I'm still fine. It was just a positive energy that they're giving me. Didn't get the job done today, but, you know, I think we'll be back next year.

Q. Coach, I saw you embrace Nick Perkins in the handshake line. What do you think about his game and the player he's become?
BOBBY HURLEY: I kind of said to Nick, "Wow, you've really come a long way since and grown up since I saw you in high school."

He's a man out there. You wouldn't think a guy -- that was one of the things Nate did a lot of heavy lifting with recruiting Nick. I'm not taking any responsibility for that. But you could see in his play that he -- for a big strong guy, he had such a soft touch and he made some big plays on offense for Buffalo and provided a real physical presence, you know, around the basket. He's had a great career. Very happy for Nick.

Q. Bobby, you touched on this in your opening statement, through four years where would you say the program is at this point?
BOBBY HURLEY: It's to the point where we have the right people in the locker room and the right culture, guys that care and value winning and competing. You know, we had multiple guys crying in the locker room because if you invest what you invest and invest your heart and soul in something, you risk that your heart is going to get broken. That's what happened today.

These guys put so much work and care so much for each other and to win and laid it on the line. That's why we're an NCAA Tournament team. That's why we won a game in the NCAA Tournament. That's why we advanced in the PAC-12 tournament and had the misfortune of having Remy injure himself in such a key part of what we're doing.

I feel terrific about what this team has accomplished. They've exceeded last year's win total. We advanced further in the PAC-12 tournament. We won a game in the NCAA Tournament. Our record went from 8 - 10 to 12 - 6 in the PAC-12. I could go on and on about things that we've surpassed from last year's team, and we're just continue to build on that.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, gentlemen. Best of luck.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports


Q. The first half, getting off to such a bad start tonight or them getting off to such a good start, was that something that knocked you back in a way that you couldn't recover from?
DEVIN MITCHELL: I think if anybody starts like that it will knock any team back a little bit. But you know, just, you know, I think we've been in situations like that before. So I mean, we weren't worried, but, you know, we knew we had to score the ball a lot better than we had been and get stops on defense. And it was just tough to be able to do that in the first half. We climbed back into it, we fought hard and made it a game by the end of the half.

D'MARCUS SIMONDS: I mean yeah, Houston jumped out on us, 15 - 3, quick 12-point lead. So, I mean, I think with around three minutes left in the first half, we had cut it to 5. So it's not like we were playing bad ball in the beginning.

Second half they took off and made a lot of shots. Corey Davis played amazing. They didn't even get their -- they get their. They didn't get their usual output from Armoni Brookes. They played great as a team and it showed at the end.

Q. Ron said yesterday he would be really disappointed if you didn't win this game. Are you disappointed, this is for D'Marcus.
D'MARCUS SIMONDS: Yeah, I'm pretty sick, but, you know, it's basketball. You win some, you lose some. At the end of the day, you got to grow from everything. So, yeah, you know, we had a really good team this season and I was happy to be a part of it more than anything. Winning or losing the game, it doesn't tell the whole story.

We went through a lot this season. As a family, you know, this was big for us. And I mean we didn't come out victorious like we expected. We didn't play the way we thought we would, but, you know, I mean it still doesn't tell the whole story about us, you know.

Q. D' Marcus, have you thought about your future, what you intend to be back at Georgia State next year as a junior? You've had a heck of a couple years here.
D'MARCUS SIMONDS: You know, I'll wait to really talk about that. Chances are I probably won't be back at Georgia State, but everything will be released officially at a later date. Yeah, I mean this is probably my last game in a Georgia State uniform. And I just want to say that I love the guys, I love the team and the coach that I've been a part of the last three years. It's been the best three years of my life, even with all the sacrificing and the bad moments, the good moments. Yeah, I was a part of a real family and I really enjoyed it.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the gentlemen from Georgia State?

Q. Ron, are you disappointed?
RON HUNTER: Yes, I am. I'm disappointed because again as their leader, I got to be the one to make sure that I have to believe that we can win. And so every time we go out and play -- you know, I first took the job here we had more victories. I don't believe -- yes, I'm disappointed. I'm disappointed in how we played.

With that said, I'm really proud of these young men. We played a team that he was 30 - 3 today. I see why they're 30 - 3. They didn't just walk into that record. This is a really good basketball team. But anytime that I coach a game and my team loses, I am disappointed. I'm a competitor. I'm always going to be that way. The day that I stop being disappointed about a loss, I need to get out of this business.

Q. Can you just comment on what D'Marcus said about possibly not coming back?
RON HUNTER: I'm going to take possibly out. It's time. It's time for him for a lot of different reasons, for him and his family. It's the way the NBA is set right now. They don't draft seniors for the most part. He's got to go and try and make a living that way.

I think that he's got a bright future. I really do. He's going to be making money for a long time playing basketball. But it's time, and I can say that and we've talked about that but it's time, you know, and so he's done everything that I've asked him to do from the day we recruited him. Absolutely everything. Two NCAA tournaments, first team. Everything. Coming back -- same thing I told RJ, I'm not quite sure what he can come back to do at Georgia State.

Q. Coach, that being said plus the senior class, what these guys have accomplished, can it be back to back to back tournaments for you guys with what you have leaving?
RON HUNTER: I'm going to say like I said, I'll be disappointed if we don't get three in a row, you know, so that's -- it's going to start from day one, man. That's the core of our program. I've got guys, my sophomores and freshmen, that's all they know about going to the NCAA Tournament. They don't know anything else. We're not going to change that, and we're going to always be the underdog and chip on our shoulder. Be right back here again next year.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the gentlemen from Georgia State? Okay. Thank you. Good luck.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. This team Iowa State, they were one of the best offensive teams in the country in offensive efficiency. What did you do on defense that made the difference?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: I think our guys -- you know, we did struggle a little bit in the second half. They got it going in the second half. That's a credit to them. I think our guys were really locked in to what we were trying to do against them in terms of our game plan and they really, really committed to it. And I thought, you know, we had some really important plays in the rim, too. Caleb and other guys were able to impact some shots at the rim. We just I thought played really hard and really committed to trying to make it difficult for them. They are one of the best offensive teams in the country. It was a big challenge.

Q. For the players, you guys held them without a field goal for almost ten minutes of the first half. Can you describe how you did that, that stretch, and what you remember from it defensively?
KALEB WESSON: Just came down, set up our preparation. While we were preparing, we were worrying about their offense and high volume their guys were. So just focusing on that really helped us.

KEYSHAWN WOODS: Same thing Caleb said. Our preparation really got it ready for their mark when we held them from scoring and our communication on the court as well. We was really locked in for those ten minutes and now we just got to do it for 40 minutes.

Q. You guys as a team didn't have a made field goal for almost three minutes at the end. What was the difference maker on defense to hold on to that lead?
KEYSHAWN WOODS: We knew we had to get stops. That's what we pride ourselves on, defense. And with regard to scoring, we know our defense travels with us, and that was the most important thing, that was the last three minutes making sure we was locked in and getting as many stops as possible to win the game.

KALEB WESSON: Like Keyshawn says, defense, you can't question it. It's always going to be there on defense. Shots missed, shots made, but that defense is always going to be there.

Q. Chris, I know you guys were kind of sweating it out on Sunday. To now be in the position you are, how does this feel?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: Well, yeah. I think it feels great, obviously. You know, you could say it validates the committee's decision, but we really felt like we had put together a really strong body of work and that our guys had earned it. And I think that you're always concerned when you're in a situation where it's -- you know, you're on potentially that cut line, but we really did feel like our guys earned it.

We knew we had a tremendous challenge. I think this was considered the highest of the 6 seeds potentially. I think they might have been, but again, our players, Caleb was tremendous in terms of his imposing himself. I thought that was so important for that to happen, really throughout the game.

If he didn't impose himself physically, I thought we could really struggle just to keep pace with as high octane as they are.

Q. Chris, I know you just won the game. Early thoughts on Houston?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: One of the best teams in the country. I think I thought that all year. I've had a chance to watch them a little bit just because I admire how they play, how hard they play, how connected -- I know they're a veteran group. They're one of the elite teams in the country.

Q. Follow up some thoughts about Kelvin Sampson, the job he's doing?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: He's tremendous. He's won everywhere he's been. You look at his track record and it shouldn't be a surprise. You know when a guy like that wins at every level every place he's been, it shouldn't surprise anybody. He's created quite the impressive program there.

Q. Caleb, coach said that you imposed yourself physically down there, down low. Can you add to that and also speak to whether you sensed that they were getting frustrated trying to guard you in the low post?
KALEB WESSON: Yeah. Like you said, I imposed myself because of my preparation. You know, my coaches and my teammates, they prepare me every day in practice, push me to finish shots that sometimes it's hard to finish, you know. And you have that, it just makes for easy basketball.

Q. Coach, Big Ten was 7 - 1 in the first round. Can you address that success rate?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: You know, you're careful to talk too early. There's a lot of tournament left to be played. We've certainly played well in these opening days and played well against really quality teams with great matchups.

But it's the best league I've ever been a part of, this year in the Big Ten. It's the best league I've ever been part of from top to bottom. I can't explain how difficult it is to play on a given night. And when you're playing now 20 of those games, you're going to have losses.

So, the whole idea of, well, you know, this group sitting with this loss and -- you know, in some cases it is apples and oranges compared to some other league. Obviously, we played a team today from another outstanding league, but it is just -- I think the league has genuine prepared us for this moment as it has all the other teams.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the gentlemen from Ohio State? Okay. Thank you very much. See you Sunday.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Coach, very tight game at halftime. Then it opened up there a little bit in the second half. What was the key difference for Tech being able to break it up a little bit?
JOHN BRANNEN: We really defended in the first half despite struggling offensively. In the second half, those struggles offensively carried over to the defensive, which I was concerned about. The gaps -- listen, Culver is an NBA player, okay. He's going to be in the NBA. The gaps he had opened up a great deal for him in the second half because we were in the same position we were in the first half, because of frustration, fatigue, maybe, physicality and athleticism they bring to the table as a high major school is impressive. Combination of those two things.

Q. John, a follow-up on Culver, his activity driving to the basket, 3-point shooting, assisting. He accounted for 38 of the first 57 points. How much of a handful was he, if you could expand on that, please?
JOHN BRANNEN: I don't know what else to say. He's a tough matchup. He can put the ball on the floor and score. We wanted to make him a passer. Wanted to have him have a high assist night. He had 7 assists. We didn't think that's what he did well.

Q. John, looked like Drew hit a couple shots early on that he ordinarily makes in and out. Were those the kind of shots that need to go in for you guys to have a chance?
JOHN BRANNEN: Those shots got to go in for us to be in position. Any 14, 3 upset that you'll have in the tournament, guys are going to make shots. We were 5 for 22.

Q. Tyler, they were approaching double figures in blocked shots today. Did their interior presence make you hesitate in attacking inside?
TYLER SHARPE: I don't know if it necessarily made us hesitate. I know for sure that they effected a lot of shots, even the ones they didn't block. They have some long athletic guys that can really get up and they make shots very tough and they do a good job of going straight up without fouling. I think they effected a lot of shots and floaters and finishes at the rim we usually make were getting altered a little bit, which hurt our percentage.

Q. With Drew, the way they were shooting, missing some shots, what was your mindset like being the guy that was putting the ball in the basket?
TYLER SHARPE: Just had the same mindset I come into every game with. We rely on Drew a lot. He's led us this whole season. He's led us his whole career. So I didn't feel like I had to necessarily take his role because we trust him. Even if he's missed every shot, we trust he's going to make the next one. I took what the defense gave me and basically just had the same approach I always have.

Q. Coach, did you anticipate Texas Tech's point of emphasis on stopping Drew McDonald?
JOHN BRANNEN: Yes.

Q. Dantez, you had a pretty great rebounding game. Do you want to explain the confidence that you kept throughout the game to do that?
DANTEZ WALTON: Coach brought it to our attention early in our game plan that we need to attack the glass defensively and offensively. So, I just tried to keep that on my mind heavy, and it paid off.

Q. Coach, what was the message in the locker room with the season you guys had and now those seniors moving on? What was the message after a loss like this?
JOHN BRANNEN: One game doesn't define us. We had an unbelievable season. We're appreciative. We're not sitting here today without Drew McDonald and Zaynah Robinson and the contributions they made. Really, the brand of Kentucky is really something that recognizes a championship program. We're going to put ourselves in a position to advance in the NCAA Tournament. Hopefully get better seeds doing what we're doing.

The message was thankful, grateful to two seniors, and the challenge of keep getting back here to the guys that are returning, which we have a pretty large group returning. And just for me, my gratitude towards them, really was the biggest thing. You know, we went through the course in February, we were 4 - 4 and things could have gone either way. These guys made the decision they were going to finish the season and be the team that they were supposed to be, and I just told them how much I appreciated them for that.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the gentlemen from Northern Kentucky? Okay. Thank you very much. Best of luck.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Coach, you were able to hold Drew McDonald to five points. That was obviously a big key for you today.
CHRIS BEARD: He's a fantastic player. I think he can play in any league in the country. He was definitely one of the main focal points of our game plan. He has the ability to score inside and out, and he's a great passer. So, I would think from their point of view, he had some good looks today that he didn't make. That's basketball.

So we were fortunate, but I think you give our guys credit. We were dialed in. We knew how special he was, and I just congratulations to him, too, on a fantastic season.

Let's do this like the Lone Star rush. Have you got any questions?

Q. Davide, do you want to talk about what y'all do to keep him from doing as much for NKU?
THE MODERATOR: For who?

Q. Coach or players, either one.
JARRETT CULVER: I mean, he's a great player. We just focused in on him. We watched a lot of film on him. Tried to keep him from being in the lane a lot tonight. We focus on defense and we focus on personnel a lot, so I just felt like we did a great job on there tonight.

Q. For you, Coach, seemed like they had a pretty good defensive scheme for your guards, especially in the first half. Did you say anything or make any adjustments in the locker room that enabled your guards to get freed up a little more in the second half?
CHRIS BEARD: Yeah. First give them a lot of credit. He can really coach. I saw him make adjustments all year in games, so you don't win that many games and championships without knowing what you're doing. In these tournament games with this much time to prepare, you kind expect the unexpected. Takes both teams a little bit of time to get their feet under them.

I think in the second half, more than any big adjustment, we just want to stay aggressive. We thought in the first half we played well offensively, we couldn't make a free throw and we had to many turnovers. Really kind of staying consistent with our original game plan with just an emphasis of getting a little bit more aggressive.

Q. Jarrett, after the one game stay in Kansas City for the Big 12, what was the point of emphasis with this team leading into the NCAA Tournament?
JARRETT CULVER: We just wanted to focus on us. Put that behind us, learned and burned. We just focused on us, details, how we got so far and how we made a run in the Big 12 and how we got to the March Madness tournament. So I felt like we focused on this all weekend. We did a great job on that.

Q. I have a question for Morretti. I noticed you back there and got a glass of water and didn't get ice. I've always wondered, I went to Europe and what's the whole idea of no ice?
DAVIDE MORETTI: Well, the water is already cold, so I don't need any other ice to get it colder (laughter).

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for Texas Tech?

Q. Coach, after your fireside chat yesterday, the world wants to know, did anybody take you up on your offer to stay in Coach Adams' room last night?
CHRIS BEARD: I can't confirm or deny that. I really try to stay away from Mark Adams on the days of games. He's kind of intense, borderline moody.

We're fortunate to win a game in the NCAA Tournament. These are so hard to win, so that we'll celebrate for 30 minutes and within 30 minutes, I'll ask Coach Adams that and get back to you guys the next time we're all together.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else? All right. Gentlemen, thank you very much.

Q. Davide, overall impressions of the game, you know, taking the experience from last year, you guys are sophomores, second year here at the NCAA Tournament. What are some of your thoughts about today's win?
DAVIDE MORETTI: Me and Jarrett and all the guys were here last year, give advice to the new guys and try to lead the team since the first minute. And you know, I think we did a pretty good job, even if we had too many turnovers in the first minutes. But overall I think we kind of lead the way pretty good.

CHRIS BEARD: Thank you.

THE MODERATOR: Okay. Good luck on Sunday.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. Both you guys, talk about the challenges and obviously your coaching staff is very good as putting game plans together. The challenges of prepping for a team you haven't played before and a short time to do it?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: Definitely poses a big challenge because there's a level of unfamiliarity with them. In conference play, you play everybody twice. Lot of guys you played over the years, you have a good feel for them. This is a Big Ten team, never played them before, never play -- we played one player last year. For the most part, it's a really unfamiliar kind of feel to it. We just have -- we trust in our coaches to get us a good game plan. We're going to buy into it.

COREY DAVIS, JR.: This time around it takes a level of focus, we have to -- have to have another level of focus rather than like a regular season game, the teams we normally play or somebody in our conference. We have to be very detail oriented and just trust our coaches because they do a great job with all our scouts. We have to pay attention and just stick to all the details they give us.

Q. Corey, you've recently mentioned how focused this team feels, how locked in. Not that you weren't all season, but did that change right after the conference tournament in Memphis? When did you really feel that feeling start to change?
COREY DAVIS, JR.: Honestly all throughout the week. The week before we played Georgia State, we had a level of focus. Started from the loss Sunday against Cincinnati. Ever since that game, we came in prepared every practice, every shoot-around, every film session. We had a level of focus I didn't normally feel or see throughout the season. I seen -- not that we weren't focused throughout the season, but I guess a higher standard of being focused.

Q. Second year in a row you guys playing a Big Ten school in the NCAA. Just your overall impression of the Big Ten as compared to your conference?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: You know, they're a big dominant, physical team. They got a dominant, dynamic 5 man as well as other guards on the perimeter. Different kind of feel and brand of basketball than we're used to playing an opponent. We're just a bunch of dogs. We're ready for anything that anybody may throw at us.

COREY DAVIS, JR.: Very methodic thing. They know what they want to do. I mean, like Galen said, a whole different type of basketball than we play because we like to run and gun, make everything fast. Play hard, aggressive. Like I said, just be focused and just ready to be ready for whatever they throw at us.

Q. What is it about Coach Sampson's style that allows your brand of basketball to shine even more? Coach Sampson's style, what is it about that that breeds so much confidence in you guys.
COREY DAVIS, JR.: I think it just contributes to the freedom that Coach Sampson gives us especially as guards. We have just -- he has all the confidence in the world in us and he just allows us to make plays, run the offense, just especially me and Galen to do basically whatever we want to do on defense. He gives us a lot of freedom. That contributes to our confidence and how we play.

GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: Definitely gives us freedom, but moreso he believes in our instincts. He tells us to trust our instincts. Whatever we feel we need to do, trust it and do it. We have a bunch of guys who have pretty high basketball IQs. We know what to do in a lot of emergency situations. Trusting your instincts and play with freedom. He allows us to do that and thank him for that.

Q. A couple of days ago Kelvin talked about his time in the NBA and the things that he learned as a head coach. He never used to delegate game planning. He learned in the NBA that's the way to do it. Can you kind of describe how that process works for you guys when the game planning comes down from one of the assistant coaches?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: Every coach pretty much have similar styles, pretty much detail-oriented. Coach Sampson definitely has the final say if he sees like an adjustment needs to be made. But for the most part, it's all about detail and knowing everything about it. The personnel, game plan, schemes, all that stuff is all just tied to the big umbrella of the game plan.

COREY DAVIS, JR.: I think all of our coaches in general take a great pride in whatever Coach Sampson says. They're very detail oriented. They know all the strengths and weaknesses. They'll have us prepared every game.

Q. This one is obvious, your connection with Houston. Kelvin talked a couple days ago how you were the first one to really buy into the vision and things were still in their foundational stage. He got your buy-in and other buy-ins. How would you describe your connection to the program, the city, the fans, local basketball? It's so deep with you.
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: It's definitely a part of me, definitely a part of who I am, a big chunk of my heart -- I'm just Houston in a nutshell. I don't even know. I love my city, love them a whole lot, born and raised. Love my school. I get to wear "Houston" on my chest. Can't put a price tag on that. You can't. I'm thankful Coach Sampson gave me the opportunity to do so in front of my family and friends every night. I'm just blessed to be in this position.

Q. Just curious in terms of Kelvin and the NBA, does his team there, does it show up for you guys at all? Does that manifest in practice or film study or communication with you guys, just the time that he spent in the NBA?
COREY DAVIS, JR.: Yeah. His coaching style definitely trickles from the NBA. You can tell how he runs the program in general. It's a level of intensity and just like overall intelligence that's not normal in most Division 1 coaches. You can definitely tell, especially when he speaks.

GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: He likes to tell stories. He has very vivid imagery.

Like "Son, you know Tim Duncan, he loved to be coached. Though guys loved to be coached."

I think him being around those guys. It was a Hall of Fame -- Hall of Fame guys. Knowing that they want to be coached and coaches, Coach Popovich used to get on them like he does us, definitely makes me feel like -- makes us feel like we're not alone because everybody has the same treatment. Coach Sampson, he's definitely the smartest person I've been around in terms of just knowing what to do. Yeah, definitely think the NBA definitely helped him.

Q. I'm assuming you've noticed the support you're getting, whether it's in Houston at these watch parties or all the fans that are here from Houston or UH fans. Both you guys thought about the support you're getting on this journey?
COREY DAVIS, JR.: Actually amazing to know we have the whole city behind us. It goes to show how much they support us, even when they can't make the games, get a watch party and almost have the whole entire city at watch. It's cool. We get pictures and little messages of like the watch parties or videos or whatever the case may be. It's really cool.

GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: Definitely cool, definitely a blessing. A testament to how far we've come, you know I mean? I remember there were times we didn't have that. Like I said, we used to go to frat houses and they used to rush us off the doorstep. Now everybody is supporting us. I'm thankful for that and the fans and the support they give us.

Q. Lot of talk about Tom Izzo in the last few days. Just curious 1 to 15 with Coach Sampson, 1 being mellow and 5 being ultra fiery, where does he fall on that little scale and have you seen him mellow at all since you've been here?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: What is 10? (laughter). You know, Coach Sampson -- no, Coach Sampson -- we have a different relationship. So you know he's a fiery guy, very fiery guy. But at the end of the day, you know that it's from the heart and he means well. You know what I mean? Lot of times as competitors, we get competitive, but Coach Sampson definitely -- he's just -- he just -- I don't know. He just knows me for the most part. It's a great characteristic to have as a coach.

COREY DAVIS, JR.: Honestly, Coach Sampson is the first coach I've ever had that I actually feared and loved at the same time (laughter). He's just one of those individuals that have a personality that's unmatched. He'll definitely show that he loves you but just in his own way. He's definitely -- he's an amazing -- just charisma about him.

GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: That's a great word, "charisma." Great word.

Q. Galen, you talked about it, it's a little bit of a leap of faith on your part to get to see where the program is now versus where it was when you were being recruited. Could you have imagined you guys would be here to four years later?
GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: I always dreamed about it. I never thought I'd actually get here. When I was making my decision, I wasn't worried about no March Madness. I just wanted to just play, first and foremost. The more I played and the more I -- my freshman year, we had a really good team. We didn't make the NCAA Tournament. But it became more of a reality, more of a goal, and it started to seem more attainable.

I think our last year we definitely kicked down the door for years of success to come in the future. So, but to be one of the first guys to buy into a vision, I'm just blessed that -- I'm just blessed that I did, because Lord knows where I would be.

Q. Ohio State players were saying last night part of their success is buy-in, that they're buying in finally late in the season. What does that mean to you when someone says buy into a program, buy into what coach is trying to do? What does that look like?
COREY DAVIS, JR.: I think buying into, whether it be a team or program as a whole, is just sacrifice. Lot of people don't understand the things, especially kids coming from high school, thinking they're more than what they are, instead of being that main guy or go-to guy, you have to find your role and become great at that. That's probably the start of buying into any program or any team in general.

GALEN ROBINSON, JR.: Coach Kelvin has a saying. "Just surrender," you know what I mean? When you surrender, you just become selfless. And when you become selfless, it's easier to make that transition to buying into a program and the vision as well as I'm buying into the culture. And once you buy in, you have a chance to do something special, and that's really the big key is getting everybody on the team to buy in 1 through 12, 1 through 13.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the Cougars of Houston?

All right. Gentlemen. Thank you very much. Best of luck tomorrow.

Now the head coach of the Cougars, Kelvin Sampson. We're going to ask him to make a statement about the day in between games and then we'll go to questions.

Kelvin, please.

KELVIN SAMPSON: Blessed to still be playing. After tomorrow night -- I was just talking with the lady outside. This time last week everybody was excited about Selection Sunday and kind of like Christmas morning. You don't know where you're going to be or who you're playing and so much excitement about that. Tomorrow night there's only 16 teams left.

So, lot of basketball to be played and we're excited -- having one last night and get a chance to play again on Sunday.

Q. Kelvin, John Houston has been with you guys since '97. He obviously pre-dates you. He's one of those people seen so many things happen, the rebuild of the program. What does it mean to somebody like him that you've dealt with for five years to be in this situation and having watched this program go through so many different changes?
KELVIN SAMPSON: You know, those trainers, they're worth their weight in gold. They have so many responsibilities. John and I talk at 8:30 every morning during the season from October 1st until -- unless we're on a road trip together. We go through all the injuries. He has a great feel for people. Kids will talk to the trainer in ways maybe they won't talk to the coach.

John is just a great person. I've only seen John cry one time and his son got accepted to Naval Academy and when his son left, Trey, because he's really, really tight with his family. His wife was a gymnast at the University of Kentucky. Trey got accepted into the Naval Academy and just a big time family man from a great family.

I was impressed with John from the get-go. I had a great trainer at Oklahoma, Alex Brown. When I came over to the University of Houston, Alex called and told me about John, how good he was.

So, there's a couple positions that you don't want to change and the trainer is one of them. We've been blessed to have John for these five years, and he's great for this basketball program.

Q. Kelvin, prepping a team. You've never -- you haven't played and you only have one day's notice or so, couple days notice. Part of the tournament I know, but the challenges of prepping for a situation like that?
KELVIN SAMPSON: We're all in it. Whoever is playing today or tomorrow, doing the same thing, you know?

I was watching a game before I left the room, who was it, LSU and Maryland. Just do the best you can. I don't overanalyze it or sweat, worry about it. We watched them play last night and didn't know who we were going to play until later, after 11:00, I think.

I just watched them on my laptop. I just watched a couple of their games. We played Michigan last year in the second round. So we're familiar with a lot of their players. I watched them play Michigan to see how Michigan defended some of their actions.

Whoever you play the second round is always going to be a good team, and Ohio State is a good team.

Q. Lot of talk about Tom Izzo and his methodology the last few days. You've done this a long time. I assume you have some thoughts on this. Is this a societal issue or what do you think of the heat he's taking and is it warranted, is it not?
KELVIN SAMPSON: You know, there's -- coaching is all about relationships. I've seen that guy before Tom Izzo. I've seen that guy. But I also have seen the relationship with that coach and that kid and that kid embraces that and expects it.

I think it's one of those things it looks a lot worse than it actually is. I don't know enough about banking to comment on a bad investment. I don't know enough about what a good surgery is or a bad surgery. The thing about coaching is everybody is a coach. Everybody has an opinion. Everybody knows what they can do or what they can't do.

The only thing that bothers me is evaluating the person you don't know. It's amazing how we hold other people to standards we won't hold our own self. So, to me that's Tom Izzo coaching his team. That's the way he coaches and there's not a kid that signs with Tom that doesn't know what they're getting into, and yet they do. So, I don't see a problem.

Q. I asked your players, 1 being mellow and 5 being fiery, they said, What about 10?"
KELVIN SAMPSON: Was that 5 and 5? Is that how you got to the 10? They both said 5 so we added the two together?

Q. Have you mellowed over -- just in your journey in terms of --
KELVIN SAMPSON: I don't know if that's for me to answer. Montana State was a long time ago. When I was at Montana Tech, I didn't know if I was on foot or horseback. I was just a young guy that -- when you're young and you lose a game, you never think you're going to win another one. I wasn't a very good coach, though. I didn't know how bad -- maybe "bad" is the wrong term. I didn't know how inadequate I was as a coach until I got older. And sometimes I always felt like I should have called those kids at Montana tech and apologize to them for not knowing any better than I did.

I try to get better -- I was 24 when I went there. I became the head coach when I was 25. It just shows you how hard or bad a job it was they would hire a guy like me. It was a good job. "Here, give it to him, what the hell we got to lose?" I don't think they ever had a winning season.

But I tried hard, but my dad was real -- my dad always wore a coat and tie. That's one reason why I always wear a coat and tie. He always did. He always had a towel over his shoulder, but never heard him raise his voice much. But that was his personality. I didn't try to -- I tried to be like him in a lot of ways, but I tried to be like me more. You have to ask those guys from Montana Tech and Washington State. I'm sure they will tell you the same thing.

Q. I'm interested in what you said a couple days ago about delegating and what you learned from Popp and Kevin McHale. On your staff what does that look like, the communication process? Do you guys divvy it up? Do you have a coach who is in charge of one specific part of the game planning?
KELVIN SAMPSON: No. I do the assigning. Everybody's personality is different. I don't think -- there's some things assistant coaches aren't ready to do. They're not the head coach. They can do a lot of head coaching things, but like I want my -- the guy that I think is the -- does the best job, the most thorough job, is going to put the time and energy and go the extra mile in terms of scouting or game prep, I want him to have the hardest teams. Because you're a really good team doesn't mean you're a hard scout. Sometimes the really, really good teams are easiest this teams to scout because they just got good players. They don't run anything tricky. They line up and we're getting ready to give it to the fullback, stop us. Whether you can or can't, that's up to you.

We have some really good coaches in our league that require -- like one of my rules is you have to watch the last five games. This time of year we don't have time to go watch Ohio State's game in November and December. This time of year you are who you are recently. You go watch the last five games. And then I want somebody that's going to take the time to go look at every close game they've had, say, in conference season. What did they do under -- under 30 seconds left, they called time out, what did they run? They needed a 3, what did they run? They needed a 2, what did they run? Baseline out of bounds.

Not every assistant will be thorough maybe in something like that. That's why as a coach I assign the games. Once they do the games, I let them use their creativity in scouting reports. I don't have a template for that.

Q. Kelvin, having been to the NCAA Tournament a number of times over the years, is there still a point of making it special for yourself, coaching staff, players, while also dealing with the things like the quick turnaround and things like that?
KELVIN SAMPSON: Absolutely. This is a great experience for these kids. I want them to know how special it is. I don't care what school you come from, doesn't matter. I've been to the NCAA Tournament, it was the PAC-10 then, PAC-10, Big 12, Big Ten, American Athletic Conference, it's all the same. There is no difference. It's all the same.

When you're sitting in front of that television and you get a little butterflies and all of a sudden they say in the Mid West Regional, the 3-seed, University of Houston, here comes the euphoria. The only difference is cell phones. Back in the PAC-10 days no cell phones back then, just -- that's a lot different. I guess that just shows you how old I'm getting.

I still like to see the excitement. Like this morning when we came down for -- the coaches met earlier this morning on some scouting report stuff, watched film. Just seeing the kids come down for breakfast and just talking to them and asking them what was the experience like? Just seeing their excitement in their eyes. It's different. It could be gone just like that.

You know, the thing that's always -- I've never gotten used to is the finality of the last game. Texas Tech is going to play Buffalo. Think how good those two teams are? Somebody's season is going to be over. They're done. No more scouting reports, no more practice or meetings. It's over. Then you're lost. You don't know what to do with your time.

We play Ohio State tomorrow night at 7:40. They've got a good team. We've got a good team. One of those teams when they get up Monday morning, you're not going to go to practice Monday morning, not going to have anymore staff meetings with this particular team.

You think about the seniors. All those things that make going to the tournament special. And we try to do some neat little things for these kids to have as momentos as things they can remember. They'll remember this for the rest of their lives. I got a call yesterday from a kid that played for me at a former school that -- actually this morning, he saw us play last night. He played for me 20-some years ago. He says he still remembers. Good news is I still remember. I still remember.

Q. Kelvin, Ohio State, physical, Big Ten basketball. Do you expect a game like that? Or is that -- you dealt with Michigan last year in the second round, or is that idea out dated in this modern age?
KELVIN SAMPSON: It is with this team because of the Wesson kid. He's big and strong and physical. The fact that he's big and strong and physical is not what makes him really good. It's his basketball IQ. He's got great hands. He understands how to play. They do a good job of playing through him. They put you in positions where you have to play him one-on-one sometime.

The kid that we've played similar to him was last year the kid for Wichita State, Shaq Morris. Very similar. Shaq wasn't as skilled as this kid, didn't have -- he couldn't step out and make a 3, for instance. Wasn't going to lead the team in assists from the 5 spot. But he could score the ball just as good. We haven't seen a kid that -- his size that can post you, pass it, shoot it, score it like him.

I'm not sure a lot of leagues have that. I don't think it has anything to do with the conference they're in. It's unique to the kid. He's a really good player.

Q. Ohio State was saying last night that over the last two weeks, they've become more aligned to the system, the buy-in has been there. What does "buy-in" mean to you and how challenging is that to get everyone doing what they're supposed to do at this time of year?
KELVIN SAMPSON: I think it all comes down to accountability and demand. I think the most difficult thing for coaches is confrontation, because a lot of coaches are passive-aggressive people. They're afraid to confront. Most people don't succeed because of that one thing. I see it all the time. They're afraid to confront. Because they're afraid of failure and no, they're afraid of this. The common denominator, they're afraid.

Why would you be afraid? You talk about Tom Izzo. He's not afraid. He knows how he wants this team to play. He knows what he wants this team to look like. He's going to hold you accountable. He's going to demand that you do it right. To me that's one of the common denominators of all successful people in any walk of life is that they understand the importance and how to confront.

So, that's where buy-in starts. Not every kid wants to. They want to do it their way. Well, I'm not interested in their way. Here is the way we do it. Your best friend is your senior leadership. Just because you have seniors don't mean that they're leaders. I've seen -- some of the worst leaders I've seen have been seniors over the years. Just like maturity. Some of the most immature people I've ever seen is between 40 and 65. Age has nothing to do with maturity, just like leadership doesn't have anything to do with seniority.

That's where recruiting is important, but being able to evaluate in recruiting is just as important.

Q. You take a lot of pride of what you've built here at U of H. You've been asked this before. When you're on the stage, what does it mean to take all of this in with your kids right there by your side and this journey that you've been on with them, they're able to enjoy this along side you right now?
KELVIN SAMPSON: That's more important than anything. You know, I wish my whole team could be up here just being able to answer questions and see their name here and read their quotes. I think -- to me that's a good experience for them, you know? You guys don't need to ask me anything else. I didn't need to come in here today. Brian started in on John Houston. That's when I knew the well was getting dry. Asked me about the trainer (laughter). Good Lord. Just how deep is that well?

You think about it. Wouldn't it be neat for kids like you've seen Corey and Galen and come in here. I've got three freshmen, all pretty good players. Kind of neat for them to get interviewed, you know. They pucker up a little bit, but they see those cameras and see you guys. They wouldn't know whether they were pitching or catching. It would be neat for them to do it. That's kind of what to me it's all about, you know.

It's hard to win a game, it really is. It's hard to win a game. I remember early in the year we played at BYU and played really good and won, and then two days -- three days later we almost lot of to Rio Grande Valley. We tried so hard in that game, but it just seems like we were running uphill the whole game, just couldn't get any traction, but it wasn't because of lack of effort. We finally won that win, but that was such a hard game for us to win. And in the non-conference you see so many upsets. We didn't get upset that night but we probably should have. They outplayed us. They outcoached us. That guy did a great job. His name was Lou Hill. His team was well prepared. My team was not. I didn't have them prepared. Not nearly as good as he did.

Then when you get in these tournaments -- like we played Liberty last year. We lot of -- I'm trying to remember who we lost of to. We lost to somebody not very good. Then the next game we played Liberty. Most important win of the year last year was beating Liberty at Liberty. We were supposed to go to San Juan -- no, Virgin Islands.

Hurricane, they had to relocate it. We signed up for St Thomas in the Virgin Islands and we got Lynchburg, Virginia. Somewhere along the line, that was not good. I think we were at the Hampton -- what's the name of that hotel, Hampton Inn, is that it? I think we were at the Hampton Inn. We had to go out and get our meals. It was a tough trip.

But we played Liberty. And I was watching some highlights of Liberty's game and Mississippi State. Same kids. That was a hard game for to us win. Probably should have lost of that one, too. Corey Davis got a rebound and put in to put us up 2 with 30-some seconds to go.

All these teams have good players, especially guards. That's why the Wesson kid stands out because not everybody has a good big. Watching this morning -- didn't see Ohio State play all year long. Didn't know their players. I'm sure they had not seen us and I doubt they knew who our players were, either, or Iowa State. But watching Iowa State and Ohio State, that was a hard match-up for Ohio State because they had nobody to guard Wesson.

So Mississippi State, Liberty, Wofford and -- who did Wofford beat the other day? Who? Seton Hall. People think you should win those games. Those games are hard to play. You got to play your best to win that night because those teams will. They only play one way and that's good.

THE MODERATOR: Thank you, Coach. Good luck.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. This is for Nick and CJ, what do you guys see that they do defensively that makes them so tough.
CJ MASSINBURG: It's really their defense, and, of course, it helps to have the type of athletes this they do, that they have, you know with the length that they have and the jumping ability. So, you beat the first line of defense, it's always going to be a second guy ready to challenge your shot or even block your shot, and also good at taking charges. Everybody on their team takes charges. So, that's one of the reasons they're good on defense.

NICK PERKINS: The charges and also they kind of force everything one way, which is kind of different than what we're used to seeing and I think -- yeah, that's what makes the defense so good.

Q. CJ, what stands out to you most about Jarrett Culver?
CJ MASSINBURG: We actually played on the same AAU team, but he's younger than me. He's a sophomore. Didn't really play with him, but we played for the same organization. He's just an overall scorer. He's a guy who can score at all three levels. He got the turn-around fade going. He's a really good athlete. If you don't put a body on him, he's susceptible to dump the ball on you and stuff like that.

I just try to fight him, play him tough, and he's a good player, but I'm also a good player and a good defender. We'll see what happens.

Q. Question for CJ, could you just walk me through your path from South Oak Cliff to Buffalo and was Tech or any of the other Big 12 teams in on you in terms of the recruiting process, what was that like for you?
CJ MASSINBURG: No. I didn't really get any Big 12 or any of those offers, any looks at all from that. Buffalo actually got me from a tip from a Louisiana Tech coach at the time. I was playing as an unsigned senior, so I was most likely going to go to the junior college route before Buffalo called me. They seen me play as an unsigned seniors. They liked my defense. They had seen my numbers, but they never -- they didn't really know that I could really shoot the ball like I can.

And then I got there, on my visit, had the -- still didn't have a scholarship. They called me up on a visit, but I still didn't have a scholarship at the time. So I had to work out and pretty much earn my scholarship then and there.

Q. Any of the players. Jeremy Harris who has been in double figures, I think 6 or 7 of the last games, what is it about this time of year that causes him to elevate his game? Does he prepare differently? Does he take these games a little more seriously, not that he doesn't take the game seriously, but what is it about Jeremy that brings him to another level in March?
DONTAY CARUTHERS: Well, as of right now, I'm staying with him, so like I just see how he really takes everything more seriously. I think now he's really out here having fun. He's not letting all the stuff and the crazy get to him about anything. He's the type of guy that can really get hot, and I think he's really just out here having fun.

NICK PERKINS: I would just say it's March. Big time players show up in March, and he's a big time player. He's been showing everybody what type of player he was in MAC conference. He stopped folks, what's going to happen after this. You're seeing him do that, and I think he's putting a little too much pressure on himself. He's been playing unbelievable.

Q. CJ and Dontay, kind of overlooked maybe how well Jayvon played in the last game. What have you two seen over last two, three months in his game, because he seems to be playing with a lot of confidence right now?
CJ MASSINBURG: Oh, yeah. I totally agree. Jayvon has been playing unbelievable basketball. Really been the X factor in most of these games. He's given us great defense, consistent outside shooting, athleticism, finishing on the break. He's getting those balls, getting steals. He's pretty much doing it all for us. And it's good to have a guy like that that's consistently bringing the same thing every night. You know what you'll get out of him. He's showing flashes of his greatness for years to come what he's capable of.

DONTAY CARUTHERS: Yeah, just add on. CJ pretty much touched on everything. He's starting to really see like the stuff that he can do with his size. He's a big six-three, six-four, physical guard. Can shoot it. That's pretty tough at this level, and you know Jayvon is the type of guy that takes pride in everything. And his defense picked up tremendously, and that's one thing that our coaches been loving as of right now and of course his shooting.

Q. For Nick and CJ. First off, is Texas Tech defense the best defense that you guys have probably seen this season? And to follow-up on that, do you guys get up more knowing that it's one of the best offenses in the nation against one of the best defenses in the nation, you want to prove yourself against a group like that?
NICK PERKINS: Yeah, definitely. Texas Tech, their defense is really good. I don't want to say it's the best defense we played all year, because we haven't actually played against it so we don't really know. Other teams match up differently depending on who you're playing.

It's going to be good. They do some things different. I don't think they played anybody like us all year. Big 12 is a little different with the matchup. Teams play a little slower. I think the two teams that beat them this year in conference play played a little faster. It's will be good to see how they matchup. It's going to be a good game.

CJ MASSINBURG: Yeah. I really agree with Nick. I mean, you can go off analytics and things like that, but we don't actually know until we play how good that defense is. But I don't know the exact numbers, but we might be top 30 in the nation in both offense and defense, so we feel like we're a force to be reckoned with, too. Yeah.

Q. Nick and CJ, you played teams with a lot of length before, sometimes that you've struggled. When you go up against a team that's top 15 in the country in blocking shots, do you have to not worry if a shot gets blocked or do you have to fight the urge to want to change the way you shoot, worrying about there being somebody in your way like that?
NICK PERKINS: That's a good question. I think it's just you got to go out there, you know. I mean, shoot the ones you can shoot and pass the ones you can't. You can get a little ahead of yourself when you start guessing if he's going to block. If you can make the shot, shoot it. If you can't, pass it out. I think that's where take you that route.

CJ MASSINBURG: You pretty much can't really overthink it. Because you know that they have shot blockers. Usually the shot blocking comes from the help side. So if you beat your guy and the giant 7-footer come over and try to contest your shot, then he obviously left his guy so you can try to hit him or the next rotation. Just play free, you know, and yeah, just play free.

Q. Dontay, CJ mentioned the fact you guys are such a great defensive team. What do you guys need to do to slow down Jarrett Culver and what are some of the other players you guys know you need to stop as well?
DONTAY CARUTHERS: Well, it's not just Culver. Those guys are a great team. They got five guys in the rotation, not just one guy out there playing basketball. They got a great point guard, shooting almost 55, 60 percent from 3. We got the key on our guy. Culver is a big piece of them, and that's something that our main guys are going to have to be ready for. I mean, we're going to do what we do.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the Bulls of Buffalo?

All right. Gentlemen, thank you very much. You're excused.

Head coach of Buffalo is here, Nate Oats. We're going to ask him to start off with a statement about the day in between games and then we'll go to questions.

Nate, please.

NATE OATS: I mean, it's a little bit better than last year. Last year we had the night game and very quick turnaround. At least we get to play in the afternoon and got our legs in condition and got to watch some video with the evening to prepare for it. So, then we don't play until 5:00 tomorrow. So we have a little bit more time in between games than last year.

I think our guys are a little bit more mature. Last year we really excited to get the first win in school history in the NCAA Tournament. This year -- we've already won last year, we're expected to win, we're the favorite team. I think our guys are a little bit more locked in, which we're going to need to be because Texas Tech is unbelievably good. We've got our hands full.

We've got a mature group. I really like our group and I think they're pretty locked in. Hopefully, our bodies are rested enough and play with a lot of energy tomorrow.

Q. Coach, I know you can't really assess since you haven't been on the court -- players mentioned that. Just looking at the tape, do you think this is the best defense that you guys will face this season?
NATE OATS: The numbers say so. I always go to Kenpom and try to pull the analytics up. Number one by their defensive efficiency. They're supposed to be the best in the country. I did that before I even looked at the film. Then get to the film and figure out why they're number one.

We take pride in our defense, too. We were a lot better this year than last year. That's a big difference in the amount of wins we got this year versus last year, even though we were really good last year. We pride ourselves in taking charges. Texas Tech probably takes more than we do. We pride ourselves diving on the floor for loose balls. I see them doing all the same stuff.

They got better rim protection than we probably have with some more athletic bigs inside. They do it a little bit different than we do schematic-wise. They're better. Shoot, I mean our guys, we've got some seniors that really pride themselves on defense, too. It's going to be a good game between two tough, hard-nosed, hard-playing teams, in my opinion.

Q. Coach, from your perspective, how much does it help to have those senior leaders, as you kind of mentioned, going into this that have kind of gone through the games last year and kind of {yearning} to get back even farther this year?
NATE OATS: I think it's huge. I think that's part of the reason that we were so good this year. We've got five seniors. Typically we've been more experienced than the teams we played.

Now coming into tomorrow's game, you look at Texas Tech's roster they have three seniors in their starting lineup. Two are fifth-year seniors. The sophomore they've got supposed to be a lottery pick. And then the other -- Moretti is shooting 55 percent from 3.

They're pretty good. Their experience is at the same level as ours. They play hard and blue collar like we are. Lot of the same attributes. That's the reason they were so good this year in the Big 12. It's been crucial for us. Our guys can get locked into a scouting report with a much higher level at the level that we have.

Q. In the NCAA Tournament, you may be playing a team you may not have seen before. Have you seen Texas Tech before? Have you kind of crossed paths with Coach Beard at all throughout your career?
NATE OATS: There's kind of two aspects. First off, I have not. I just met him for the first time in the hallway, great guy. Friends of mine are friends of his, as is the case in this profession sometimes. I will say this, I've respected him from afar for a long time.

I'm a junkie, he's a junkie. He's coaching out of his car six, seven years ago, some semi pro ball, whatever it is, to stay in the business, and now all of a sudden, the next thing you know, he gets a D2 job. Arkansas-Little Rock, bang, bang, bang. Next thing you know, he's one of the best coaches in the country. From a guy who was a high school coach six years ago and a guy really respects guys who maybe took a non-traditional route to get where they're at, I got a ton of respect for him.

As far as watching them, I'm a big analytics guy. Midway through the year, I went and looked at the best defenses in the country and pulled a bunch of film on them. Them and Michigan and maybe Gonzaga were the three I could pulled to see if I could steal some ideas of what they're doing that we're not doing.

I took a pretty good look at them a few months ago not having any idea we would have to play them. I don't know if that helped at all are or not. Lot of what I saw is they've got some great rim protection and send the ball right there. He obviously uses his personnel really well, and we don't really have the same type of personnel he does with regards to that. I did pick up a few things from their defense.

Q. Nate, what is it that they do in particular defensively that makes them so good?
NATE OATS: I think the best thing they do is they're just tough and physical and hard-nosed. Schematic-wise, they don't let you get to your stuff. They get the ball to a side. They keep it to the side. Their help defense is better than anybody in the country. When they come to help, they're coming and coming aggressive and trying the steal the ball.

Look, if you put your head down on a drive, you're going to get a charge. They take charges better than anybody in the country. If you come and you're soft going to the rim, they're going to block your shot. So you're either getting a charge or getting shot blocked.

We got to be really smart on our drives. We can't overdrive. We got the make sure we've got our spacing exactly right with guys where they're supposed to be. And I mean, our offense we played against some pretty good defenses. Different ones. I mean, Syracuse's zone was great and figured it out. Our offense is pretty good.

I went through all the Big 12 numbers and analytics. Nobody in the Big 12 plays quite as fast as we do. Hopefully we can get out in transition a little bit. Our defense going to have to be elite in order to do that. It's hard to run off makes. It's a lot easier running off stops and rebounds and turnovers. Our defense will have to be elite, which will help our offense in turn.

Q. Jeremy Harris, he's seems really elevated his game over last few weeks. He went through a slump earlier this season, not a slump but a lull. What did he do to break out of it and like catch fire over last few weeks?
NATE OATS: Turned from February to March. Jeremy shows up in March. Look at last year. Everybody said he was in a slump last year and all of a sudden it was okay. For whatever reason, he turns it up. Me and him talk. I personally took him through workouts for like a week and rebounded for him and spent a lot of time with him. After like a week, I said to him, "There's nothing wrong with your shot, like they're all going in."

He goes, "I know."

"Then just shoot the ball. What are you doing? Quit being passive and be aggressive."

And I think that was down in Ohio, the shoot-around the night before the game at Ohio.

You know, kind of sensed and March came and he picked it up. The other thing he's been doing well, he won the hardhat award last game. I tell our guys, "Lose yourself in the game, rebound, get deflections, take charges, just do all the dirty, grimy work that people don't necessarily think about," all of a sudden, you just lose yourself in a game and your offense comes.

We kind of do a correlation. When you win the hardhat, you frequently also lead us in scoring. Jeremy won the hardhat last night and led us in scoring with 21. Nick Perkins had the highest plus minus and did that. When they're both really active doing the other stuff, the offense follows.

I think he's also just gotten to the point where the more he thought about his shot, the worse it got. Quit thinking about your shot. Just if you're open, shoot it, be aggressive, think about making winning plays in every other area of the game and your offense will come.

Q. Coach, I think maybe it was overlooked by some people that how well Jayvon played in the last game and kind of how well he's played last couple of months. Where have you seen him grow since maybe the midway point of season and where is his confidence level right now?
NATE OATS: As high as it's been since he's been in college. Getting a little bit the same with Jeremy. He's started to pick up his defense over the last month and a half and the offense followed. We put him on, Dort which is tough matchup. Dort is arguably their best player. Until Jeremy had that kind of weird unfortunate bad turnover where Dort hit the 3 off it, until he hit the 3, Dort only had 7 for the game. So he had 4 points. I don't think he had one, Jayvon. I don't think Jayvon gave him a bucket.

So for Jayvon to do the job he did on Dort speaks volumes to where he's come since the beginning of this year. And we've got to I think elite level defenders in Caruthers and Jordan. Caruthers is defensive player of the year and Jordan is right there with him. He'd be an odds-on favorite to win defensive player of the year in our league next year because he was right there with Caruthers all year this year.

When you add in Jayvon, that gives us a pretty lethal backcourt as far as our defensive weapons go and then Massinburg is pretty good himself getting locked in.

That's really to me where Jayvon has picked it up on the defense. You were at a lot of our games. He won us some games on his offensive rebounding because he's playing so hard, playing the right way, and for him to be a sophomore doing that, he's got huge upside here in this program.

Q. Nate, I think a lot of athletic departments have their own mental skills coach or guy, but maybe not as many basketball programs have their own specific coach helping them out in that regard. Can you explain your decision to bring in Arnie and how he's helped you guys?
NATE OATS: I kind of got to know him in the community a little bit through different things. And he kind of broached it with me, like "I think I can help you." That was not last year, the year before. I'm always open to getting help. I really think if you go back 20 years, I think the strength and conditioning coach was like some programs had it, some didn't. Now everybody in the country has it. You don't have one, you're not competing at the highest level, not a Division 1 program, really. I think that's the next step.

It's so important to me. As a high school guy, you're always thinking of different ways you can reach them mentally to not necessarily just motivate them, but just get their minds right. I think as a coach it's my job to help grow these men into the young men you send into society. The better character young men you have, the better your team is going to be.

If you do it for the sole purpose of winning games, it's all wrong. You do it because it's the right thing to do. It's my job as a coach to help these -- we get them as young men or boys coming out of high school, and when we get done with them, they're supposed to go into society. They're men now on their own. Not going back home to mommy.

To have a character coach, a mental skills coach, that can do all types of different things. And Arnie has got a -- he's a licensed psychotherapist counselor. He's able to do one-on-one sessions when we need it. He's been great with the team. We did it part-time three years ago -- or not last year, the year before, and then that summer he said, "I either want to be all in or" -- he's kind of all in or not.

We sat down and came up with -- we developed a little culture playbook with him and other staff. We instituted that summer. He came in twice a week during the year, meets with the team once a week, comes in another day, does individual meetings if guys need him or just observes a practice and there to bounce ideas off. Last summer we did a whole summer retreat. It's been really good. Our guys like it. They respect him. The fact that he's a licensed therapist, he's not -- by law, he's not able to share with me some of the stuff the guys share with him.

They've got a guy they can go to when they have off-the-court issues that's trained on how to do it and help them work through them and knowing that I'm -- coaches aren't necessarily going to get all the information. He's not allowed to share it all with me. He's been great. I think it's been really helpful. I think a lot of programs are going to start to go that direction in the future.

Q. Your ball pressure, Dontay, Davonta, having two guys like that, how valuable is it and how much of a factor has that been in your team's defensive success?
NATE OATS: Huge. It was big last year with the Arizona win. They wanted to get the ball into Ayton and Ristic. Ball pressure makes that really hard in front of the post, back side with all the pressure. They can't pinpoint passes. Yesterday Arizona State, we had a size disadvantage inside. Again, the harder we pressure the ball, the more harder it is to get the ball in the post to make us pay for the size.

We can stay with Jeremy at the 4 because our guards pressure the ball so hard and really help him out guarding another big and that big can't guard Jeremy on the other end. So those guards know it. Jeremy knows it. They all work together. These guys love each other. They really love helping each other out. That way these guards know our bigs maybe are outmatched at times and need some help and that ball pressure gives it. The other thing it does it forces turnovers. We get a deflection. The ball is dead and pick it up. All of a sudden everybody is blowing handoffs off. Remy Martin had a hard time getting the ball back to run their offense like they wanted to do. So it took them out of sync. We're going to have to try to do some of the same. It will be a little bit harder. Mooney is so big and strong and Moretti is really smart. It's who we are.

We have five non-negotiables. Number one is ball pressure. If we're not pressuring the ball in practice, we call it game over. Game over, get on the end line, run your sprint. You lost the game. This isn't something we turn up for the NCAA Tournament. This is who we are through the course of the year.

THE MODERATOR: Anything else for the head coach?

All right. Nate, thank you very much. Best of luck.

NATE OATS: Thank you. Appreciate it.

FastScripts Transcript by ASAP Sports

Q. This is for both of you guys. Musa, first, your role obviously has changed as the season progressed. Just talk about how important it is for you to contribute in the different areas that you provide for the team.
And Andre, just your relationship with your brother out there and playing together?

MUSA JALLOW: Like you said, it has evolved. My role is mainly guarding one of the best players on the team, trying to slow them down and pick my spots on the offensive end and work on the boards and stuff like that. So, I feel like the effort and the energy that I can bring to the team is extremely important for our team.

ANDRE WESSON: Yeah. I mean, playing with my brother it's kind of a dream come true. Something we always talked about since we were little and for -- to make that dream a reality is really a blessing.

Q. For both you guys, just talk about last night's situation and others now, when you're in tight games, the confidence being able to make the big plays when you need to.
ANDRE WESSON: Yeah. I mean, our whole mantra is just next-play mentality. We knew they're going to make some big shots and they're a real a good team. So just moving on, that's what we were able to do with Keyshawn and Caleb, make big plays down the stretch that just kept us moving on.

MUSA JALLOW: Yeah, just like what he said, you know, we knew it was going to be a tough game. Most of these games in the tournament comes down to the last seconds. Keeping the poise and moving on to the next play and trying to make the right play.

THE MODERATOR: Anythings else for the Buckeyes?

Okay. Gentlemen, thank you very much. Best of luck tomorrow.

Head coach of the Buckeyes is here, Chris Holtmann. We'll have him make a statement on the day in between games here in Tulsa, then we'll go to questions.

Chris, please.

CHRIS HOLTMANN: All right. Tremendous amount of respect for this Houston team to be sitting at 32 - 3, it's incredible. They've had -- really had an incredible season. As I said last night, I think we're really one of the elite teams in the country, and so it's going to be a tremendous challenge for us to quickly prepare for, I think, one of the very best teams in the country. I think their body of work has clearly shown that.

In this thing, in this tournament, you're going the play really good teams every night. So, we have a quick turnaround to that. The last thing I would add is it's interesting, I saw just for a minute today, kind of on a side note, Kelvin's comments, maybe it was yesterday or today, regarding parents and travel, and I couldn't agree with him more. I'm not sure if you've seen his comments.

You'd love as a coach for parents and immediate family members to be provided some way to travel, have their expenses paid for, their accomodations paid for. I just think it would be a really good thing for the NCAA, as we move forward, just to consider. Because you feel sometimes for families who, you know, are traveling and spending lot of money to come and support their kids, and I think it would be certainly a great idea.

I just commend him for that thought. I thought it was a great thought.

Q. Speaking of correctly Kelvin Sampson, he was in here talking about Tom Izzo. He's been in the news here lately. Just wonder, Chris, about your thoughts in terms of what do you think about that situation? Is it okay to be intense, is this a societal issue? Not so much we've gotten soft, but you have to be yourself and Tom Izzo is being himself, I guess?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: Yeah. Yeah. I think that, you know, I've -- obviously you had to be in a cave to not see what you're discussing there with Tom. Tom is a Hall of Fame coach that has a track record that is up there with, you know, the very best that really ever done it.

I think your point, Rob, to coaching to your personality. I think I think there's a lot of different ways to coach and certainly different ways in which coaches determine how to hold kids accountable.

I think Tom has clearly shown -- I said that to him last year in our first game against him. One of the things as a young coach that I had great appreciation for Tom was that he coached his best player just like he coached, you know, his -- the 9th man on his team. There was no changing in how he coached his kids. I think that speaks to his success.

Now, you can argue optics and how that looks and, you know, I get that. We're in a different age now. There is a camera on us at all times and, you know, sometimes the arena that we're in, it's not very nice at times. And it's a highly competitive field, and I think the reality is, I've got incredible respect for him and what he's done, and it's clear that his kids do as well.

Q. Moving off of him to you, how important is honesty in not being passive-aggressive with guys and being up-front and getting them to understand, let's say, roles? Because that really is kind of what it comes down to a kid understanding what he needs to do.
CHRIS HOLTMANN: I think there is no other way to coach kids. I think up-front, brutal, candid conversations are -- they build trust. I think they're paramount to having growth happen individually and with your team. And I think, let's be honest, we're all in a relationships here and sometimes it's easier to not be honest. And I think that choice at the end of the day doesn't help either party.

So, I think candidness, brutal honesty, it's paramount for a team's growth.

Q. I asked correctly Coach Sampson and his players, 1 to 5, 1 being very mellow and 5 being very fiery, his players said, "What about 10?"
Where are you on that line? And I know you've changed through the years, but I guess where is that with you in terms of effectiveness and intensity?

CHRIS HOLTMANN: It's interesting, because I think sometimes how we perceive us ourselves is different. One of the things that I try to do a lot is ask our staff and our -- ask our players, "What do you hear me saying?"

I'll ask our staff, "How did what I just communicate" -- and it could be a very brutal direct conversation with the player like, "How did that come off?" Because I think I'm always wondering that because what I think -- how I think it's come off may be completely different.

So, I don't know what our players would say. I know people have come to practice at times and they've said, "Man, he's on edge today." And other times they said, "Man, he's laid back."

So, maybe it depends on the practice, for one. I'm not sure what our players would say. I certainly think that they would say -- put it this way: I don't think they would put me at a 1.

Q. They didn't (laughter).
CHRIS HOLTMANN: Okay. All right. Nor would I want to be a 1 for that matter.

Q. Chris, was last night's game, or even anything in an NCAA Tournament, the ultimate of what you talked about before with guys being able to affect a game in a different way, outside of being the leading scorer and things like that?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: I thought we certainly had some guys have great individual performances. I thought Caleb and Keyshawn were tremendous in just their individual offensive performances. We had a lot of other guys that made necessary, important plays.

If we're going to have a chance to beat Houston, we're going to need a collection of guys. They're clearly going to do their very best to take away some of the strengths of our team. So, we have to find other ways to impact the game. And I think we saw that, you know, last night. CJ didn't shoot it hopefully as well as he will moving forward, but he made important defensive plays, got his hands on a lot of balls and rebounded it and still was attacking. I liked his aggressiveness.

Andre kind of did what Andre does. Without making shots, he just -- he impacts winning. The kid really impacts winning in a positive way. You saw that with a number of guys.

Q. Kind of an outside the box question. You have one kid on your team, Jaedon LeDee from Houston. Given -- I know you're here to win a game. The situation permits because he's going -- his family watching back home in Houston, would you try to find a way to get him in the game maybe moreso than you hadn't in previous games?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: We'll coach to win the game, whatever that looks like. So, you know, Jaedon is a tremendous kid. We'll coach to win every possession, and whatever that looks like, it looks like.

Q. Players are saying over last couple weeks they've become more aligned to the system, understanding their roles, buying in. What does buying in mean to you? How do you get to that place? I would think that's one of the harder things in coaching. And is it better now than what it was early in the season?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: I do think that takes time and I think -- I also think sometimes it needs to be validated by -- sometimes in kids' minds, it needs to be validated by them seeing the success of that. Not always, but in some cases it does, both success for maybe their individual growth but certainly the team.

I do think it's pretty good, and I think we've seen that here in the last couple weeks when our backs have been up against the wall and we've had to perform in pressure situations.

I don't know that I've questioned our buy-in or commitment to how we want to play a whole lot this year or really the two years. I think last year it was -- the buy-in was driven so much by those older guys, and it happened right after we had lost three out of five, and they just said this is -- we're going to commit to kind of doing it this particular way. And then from then on it was really good.

Q. Along those lines, this word "brotherhood" gets thrown around. It seems like that's happening, too. Guys are happy for other guys. CJ is really happy for Musa, what happened. How important is that to where you want to be as sort of this whole structural kind of we're all together into this thing?
CHRIS HOLTMANN: I think it begins with great kids who come from great families who -- you know, I say this a lot, but who want to play for Ohio State and who maybe they don't quite understand it when they arrive what playing for Ohio State looks like. But as they grow in the program, they have a greater appreciation for what being a part of a team, the value being a part of a team.

You know, we were in the locker room last night talking as coaches, and you hear some of our staff and coaches talking about their memories of playing in the NCAA Tournament. The music that they used to come back after wins and dance to, the song still played in their head. Like those are really special memories. And I think as you get older, you appreciate how important times like this are and the beauty of being a part of a team.

So, I do think there is a connection that happens when you have good kids who understand that they're a part of something great, trying to be a part of something great. I think we have that. I think we have tremendous young people.

I think that appreciation and understanding what that looks like can take a little bit of time. But I really do like our guys -- my college coach used to call it "teamness." But I do like that right now.

Q. Back to rules for just a second. How hard getting freshman coming in who are the stars -- every kid that plays is the star of his team typically -- to get into that role? I understand maybe at some point during the season, you actually had up on a screen or something, "This is your role." Do you meet one-on-one with guys to say "This is your role" or how does that manifest?
So the two questions there: One, how difficult for a freshman to come in to not be the superstar and have to sort of deny himself, I guess? And then, do you have those conversations about "This is what I need you to do'?

CHRIS HOLTMANN: Yeah. I think for freshmen it's the most -- maybe the most challenging adjustment to college is that adjustment that takes place from being high volume in whatever -- usually most freshmen are high volume. They're the guys that played the most minutes and took the most shots on their team, typically. Not always, but a lot of them.

So that adjustment to now understanding what it looks like to blend in and to bring your current skills and ability and benefit the team is very difficult, because for whatever reason, it gets lost of on them that they were a freshman in high school one time. They forget. They just think their senior year in high school -- the, freshman year in college is going to look like the senior year in high school.

You were a freshman once and how much did you play on the varsity team? You have to remind me. I didn't. Yeah, that's my point. It's an adjustment. There is an adjustment. And if you do -- all over the country I think the other thing do you in situations, Rob -- you don't want to get into too many comparisons, but you do give them a reality check about this is happening all over the country. Just look at some of your buddies that you played against, played with even, and how you handle it will determine how successful you're going to be as a freshman.

In terms of role identification, it's a constant and ongoing process. I don't believe in -- I think you have to be careful that you're not limiting what you believe players can be from one month to the next.

I think yet, at the same time, I think playing to your strengths is what good players get and what average players don't ever figure out. I think you're constantly trying to communicate that, you know, to your guys.

Q. Especially important right now at this point in the season they know what they're supposed to do.
CHRIS HOLTMANN: I think they should have already at this point figured that out. I do think that takes -- that first month, month and a half, two months of the season, that is some figuring out. But I think at this point -- and it does evolve because maybe there's an injury happens and the role changes, we need more, and that's happened with our team where we've had some injuries and some things where guys' roles have had to change a little bit.

But if they don't have a pretty good understanding of that right now, then we haven't done a great job as coaches.


	
